Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	is your husband also selfish when he does not take your name ? this is just your arbitrary thought and does not mean anything.
Achievement and Taking Action	what would oing my best achieve that i do not already have?	if you miss, you may hit a star.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	this coming from the guy who does not even understand feminism ? i suspect the problem is you are not looking for educated feminist outlets and instead are just seeing social media type posts.
Feminism and Equality Advocacy.	i feel like we can all advocate for equality without having to blame a certain group or overgeneralize a whole gender.	i do not respect the westboro baptist church.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	they need to understand that if you  feel  no, say no.
Coursework procrastination and monitoring.	some students see the deadline of the coursework and decide to start doing the coursework on that day.	that puts extra work on you ! it turns out that the mechanical arm is fully booked on the last day and some of these students feel it is unfair that they are not going to be able to get good marks for this coursework.
Items in Competitive Gaming	The game should be fun by introducing some items, even if there is a random aspect.	i  will assume you are talking mostly about the competitive community  it makes the game less fun.if you must rely on items to have fun in smash, that is a sign of not being good.
Disagreeing and downvoting on online platforms.	i have downvoted someone i have disagreed with.	that is gaming the system, and against the rules, and why he was shadowbanned.
The limited success of college football players in going pro.	the free education argument does not fly either.	of that other , maybe  had a legitimate shot of making it and might have a hard time coming to grips with not making the nfl, but a lot of those guys, especially ones not playing at the big schools, know that playing football well is their ticket to an affordable education and some good times playing a game they love.
Gamergate and corruption in video game industry.	gamergate is a movement that is apparently aiming to expose and combat the corruption in video games industry.	that being said, i also think any criticism of  feminism  in these debates is not a criticism of actual feminism that seeks equality, but specific people using the guise of feminism to provide cover for their own ambitions.
Criticism of Environmental Hypocrisy in Private Jet Use	i have never heard these guys advocate the ban of private jets.	there is something to be said for setting an example.
Religion's dual nature as conservative and revolutionary.	religion, in nature, is conservative and/or reactionary.	the bhudda bucked conventions, forgoing his royal heritage to live a life of poverty, to lead by example.
Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	it is the explanation for the variety of species found on our planet, nothing more.
Job market and wages in China.	the competition is extremely high for all kinds of jobs hence why salaries are pressed down, especially for entry level positions.	or we could use it more efficiently, use alternative sources of energy or reduce our consumption.
The use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	i guess that is partially why black people use the word often but are still offended when white people use it.
The right to privacy and surveillance.	to me, essentially there is no right to privacy in itself, just right to private thoughts, free actions, and private property which surveillance would not and does not change.	collecting all this data is one thing, but we have absolutely no control, or even idea, of how people oversee the use of this data.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	assuming that economics works in the favor of wind/solar pv/solar thermal concentrated/solar thermal pond/tidal/wave/nuclear fission/nuclear fusion/large scale hydro/small scale hydro/pumped storage hydro/biomass/geothermal, then the necessary carbon for manufacturing of plastics may come from remaining petroleum/coal/natural gas which will then last us hundreds millions of years.
Debating the ethics of publishing the name of an accused person.	i do not, however, support publishing the name or likeness of an accused person.	how do you propose to ban the release of this sort of information without impinging on free speech and freedom of the press ? further, if such information cannot be made available as a matter of law, how do you prevent secret arrests and secret court proceedings ? and what is to stop a private citizen from videotaping the arrest/perpwalk and posting it on the youtubes ? and what about the potential for new evidence that could come to light as a result of the public nature of this information ? say the picture of an accused rapist flashes on the tv and  victims call up the prosecutor is office to identify him as their attacker.
Pickup truck usage.	most of the pickup trucks i saw where not carrying a massive load, there was just a person in the truck.	third, i go do things on my own that require me hauling equipment far more often than i am driving more than one person somewhere and we do not need any equipment.
Role and Goals of HOAs.	one of the main goals of an hoa are to help maintain or even increase the value of the homes in the neighborhood by preventing people from doing things that would lower property values.	hoas could be good for some people, but certainly not all people and not even most people.
Features and amenities on a cruise ship.	room service, room cleaned twice daily, amazing food all you can eat , daily entertainment, and ways to relax.	cruises are not valid for travel to all destinations.
Disadvantages of big money and large bureaucracy.	small enough to avoid the disadvantages corruption of big money, large inefficient bureaucracy .	inefficient bureaucracy is an example of overtly balkanized regions, where every government function is redundantly repeated.
Losing weight and its benefits.	so until employers or the government start allowing exercise during work hours and provide healthy food at all times, what reason do i have to lose weight ?	you are basically making the trade of instant gratification now for health ailments in your future that can seriously diminish your quality of life.
Inconsistency with Student Devices and When They're Needed	secondly, lack of consistency with students  devices would cause confusion.	many people simply ca not afford all of this stuff.
Evolutionary Psychology of Physical Attraction.	beauty signals health, fertility, good genes, intellect, good decision making, and the subjective part of looks probably has something to do with traits that blend well with my own genes.	unattractive people can artificially increase their attractiveness, and traditionally good looking people can still have a variety of diseases and genetic inadequacies, not to mention qualities that hinder them socially in today is society.
Sleeping arrangements after a fight in a heterosexual couple.	let is assume a heterosexual couple gets into a fight because of a mistake the husband made.	it is wrong for her to jump to illogical conclusions, and take everything personally, but i love her, and i will do whatever it takes including sleeping on the couch for her.
Police dogs and legal consequences.	police often order these large, high strung, attack trained animals to chase down, bite into, drag down, and maul on human beings.	including police dogs and horses.
Evaluation of Economic Policies	his recovery act almost single handedly saved the economy from a depression saving main street, and completing the unpopular tarp bill saved wall street.	also, the aca is a massive spending program coupled with large tax hikes.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	in monogamous relationships there is a lot of black and white i.
Frequency of Moving Heavy Objects.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	second, many people have a bed cover on their pickup, so that anything in the bed is kept out of the rain and wind.
Dishonesty in Fashion.	i still feel at some level that i and everybody else is cheating themselves and everybody else by dressing a certain way.	i also do not understand why my presentation of myself is necessarily false.
LGBT representation in resources for intersex children and parents.	but when we are dealing with young children and their parents, there is a concern that the association with lgbt would drive away parents of intersex children who would otherwise seek out information and resources about intersex conditions.	if it is a medical necessity, then the situation is different, but often these surgeries are not medical necessities.
Living conditions in Africa.	africa was, and still is, a pretty awful place to live in.	they would be like they were before.
Banking practices and their impact on society.	how banks often seek to profit from things that do not really add value to society futures, derivatives, etc.	what the banks did was essentially provide easier access to more money to people who otherwise would not have the opportunity, the problem was that this was done on such a level that the risks were realized.
Debate on the effectiveness and ethics of torture.	the torture can have no lasting major ill effects.	there is also the idea that our morality is what sets us apart from the bad guys, and torture undermines that.
Knowledge of World War II in America.	as a european american i am consistently astounded by how little americans know about the war.	its bound to happen unless you study history or have a great interest or its a number beaten into you like the million jews in ww.
Moral Authority of America	someone convince me that america still has some moral authority ?	in this case america has no ground to stand on when it comes to equality in policing and should not criticize a country for harsh policies against minority groups.
Gender-neutral bathrooms and potential concerns.	as trans/queer gendered people are coming out and becoming more accepted, distinguishing between two genders for the bathroom just reinforces a gender binary that could potentially alienate them.	and the unisex/family bathrooms are very often just a large room with one toilet in them rather than a huge bathroom with a dozen stalls.
Radicalism and Blame in Feminism.	often the loudest voices recieve the most attention and usually those voices come from the mouths of radical people.	this is not a part of feminism.
Personal boundaries and respect for privacy.	but even more importantly, i could not care less if she slept with every guy in seattle.	so he should have been silent and hoped that this liar and cheater is not going to do it to anyone else ? first of all, what she did tells us that she cannot even speak about  social justice  anymore, she is the opposite of a role model in being fair.
Dangers of religion and ideology.	religion and ideology can cause normal people to do horrible things.	i would argue that ideology does not cause people to do awful things, but rather it gives them a convenient justification.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	sometimes you see other people in pain and think you could easily handle it.
Monogamy and Sexual Attraction.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	what does sex have to do with that ? i choose to  be  with someone for the rest of my life, is it wrong if i want to bang someone else ? maybe i do it, maybe i do not, but i do not respect my partner any less because of it.
Gay dating apps and promiscuity.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	the question then becomes is it  inextricably  linked ? here is the thing: in the west, it has traditionally  not  been okay to be openly gay.
The War on Christmas and Exclusion.	the most offensive part of the  war on christmas  is one group trying to exclude all others.	the only real  neutral  thing to say is either to not say anything or to say  have a good day.
Marijuana use as a moral turpitude offense.	the several times he has used drugs marijuana counts as a multiple moral turpitude offense, which generally is considered against standards of  contrary to community standards of justice, honesty or good morals.	the world is an unfair world; do not assume that just because  it would happen to anyone else who did it  is a good enough argument.
Subjectivity of people's preferences.	but that is not a good reason to go out and shit on someone.	they would not play the victim on social media.
Benefits and drawbacks of reality TV and Gordon Ramsay's behavior.	reality tv is also a great source of knowledge on different cultures and societies that a regular person might have not got the chance to stumble across.	if you have the skill to back it up that is one thing, but kids basically never have that sort of skill.
Race relations and individual rights.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	in a normal society you as a human being are totally free to do anything you want unless it infringes upon the rights of others.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	pantaleo violated department policy and caused a man to die.
Police officers' good and bad acts.	for every bad act a police officer is caught doing, i am sure there are thousands of more good acts.	they should only get public praise for going above   beyond their duties.
Comparison between beer and wine.	there are more things you can vary with beer than you can with wine.	right there, you have not just got a bottle of wine, you have got a story, a history, a year in a glass.
Problems with BYOD in schools and benefits of school-owned technology.	there are many other problems that byod could cause, such as cheating, distractions, resistance from those who hate change, spying, and overall forcing students to integrate technology even deeper into their lives.	technology is becoming extremely prevalent in college and the work force, they are going to have to learn eventually.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	even the safest places on earth can kill you in a freak accident.
Subjectivity of people's preferences.	but that is not a good reason to go out and shit on someone.	people like bad things a lot of times irrelevant and subjective.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	but it is no real competitor.
Comparison of rap lyrics to other genres.	there are plenty of examples given from rappers who are very conscious and clever, but even those hardly ever say anything i feel holds a candle to good lyrics from other genres.	rap on the other hand typically uses words in more rapid succession, allowing more words to be fit into a given space of time and allowing the rapper more flexibility in how they wish to express their ideas.
Individual rights and social contract theory.	since these rights were given to people by god, people can not take these rights away.	that does not get to the question,  am i subject to a social contract against my consent ?   i feel that any form of  free rider problem  is a utilitarian argument and i will evaluate it as such unless an argument is made why i should not evaluate it in that way.
Inheritance Taxes and Wealth Redistribution	there would still be an incentive to gather wealth but the concept of being rich because your family used to be rich disappears.	your idea denies them the right to make charitable donations, and distributes their money based on the wishes of politicians.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Democracy Progression	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	however, as china is middle class grows larger and larger, they are going to demand more and more political power, and they are going to get it when they begin to control the purse strings.
Canadian soldiers and public reaction to their deaths.	canadian soldiers recently killed are receiving an undue amount of compassion and attention.	sad articles are always going to exist, and when a story is especially sad it will get coverage.
Becoming a Military Doctor and Paying for Medical School.	my plan was to graduate college and join the ushs the military medical school and become and army doctor. i am also poor and medical school in the military from what i understand pays for smart kids.	so, with nsrgy you will have a net loss in the military compared to a civilian path with loans.
Controversy over justifying genocide and celebrating Columbus Day.	we are taught in our schools that genocide is justifiable and acceptable if we get something in return or are not disadvantaged by trying to solve for it.	the assertion that we are teaching children that genocide is justifiable, is absurd.
Philosophy on Asceticism and Personal Responsibility.	most people are not, and should not be, ascetics who withdraw from the world.	people meditate for their own reasons.
Improving Public Education through Teacher Wages	some people are skeptical that increasing funding for our public education systems will change the results, but i think that simply increasing the wage of teachers could significantly increase the quality of teachers.	going into space amazes people and gets them interested in science and technology.
Domestic Violence and Forgiveness	would the man get called out on being wrong and weak for forgiving him ?	you do not view your significant other as someone whom you should fear if you did, you would not be with them in the first place.
Comparison of gymnastics and rock climbing.	yet gymnastics asks one to maneuver their bodies into shapes that the human figure is not meant to form.	we have to think about every move in every individual skill in every full routine.
The ethics of selling art for advertisements.	letting a company use your art for advertisements is as close to selling your soul as you can get.	so how is this any different than any other art that is sold ? artists have to eat, and selling their art helps them do this.
Advantages of being bisexual.	to my way of thinking, being a bisexual would be great.	your  pool of potential partners  right now is currently in the millions.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	advertising for a product you already own does not work.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	they have so much money and influence all they would have to do is sweet talk their friends in city council or state government to pass some baloney law that technically blocked the new guy somehow.
Experience of reading and editing on a computer.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	then there is the fact that a favorite hobby of mine is gaming, so i will be owning a pc with the power capable of running my games regardless of what i am doing in school.
The right to basic necessities of life.	right to basic necessities of life right to have anything that one needs to stay alive.	i would also quibble with the  dead hand  clause in your definition of autonomy, but this is not important since you can easily rewrite the example to be about a living organ donor.
Libertarian ideology and personal liberties.	the belief that personal liberties should trump other factors when deciding policy/action.	the interactions between corporations and their customers must be regulated and controlled to ensure the customers are not being ripped off or being lied to abortion really does not have anything whatsoever to do with libertarianism, the only reason this association may exist is because of wingnut christians who wont shut up about it, despite there being much more important issues to worry about.
The rationality of betting on God's existence.	betting on there being a god is the smart decision because there might be a pay off, while atheism has no reward.	i can say outloud   i believe  is   even though i am not convinced.
Handling Emotional Reactions in Relationships.	in many cases, the person is playing russian roulette with their relationship.	it sounds like you had a relationship with someone who  is  using emotional blackmail to  win  and you are extending that to make a broad statement that applies to everyone equally, when you are really just describing your limited experience with one or maybe a handful of people.
Self-defense and the right to be secure in person.	if you do not want a vicious beating do not go around attacking people unjustly.	at that point you are no longer securing your person, you are taking revenge.
Politics and Governance.	in toronto last year, the mayor rob ford admitted to using crack cocaine while in office, spurring a backlash from the public.	this is not how a democracy succeeds.
Limitations of the current education system.	so, a society has more to gain by exploiting their potential than that of the average student.	educating greater numbers is the most effective thing you can do for society.
The separation of church and state in the West.	to us, an abandonment/separation of church and state was the first major move that allowed the west to begin its period of global dominance.	the existence of the idea of separation of church and state might have existed at this time, but the separation was not complete, so long as religious cultural opinions were allowed to be expressed through law.
Citizenship and System Improvement	i want a system that is easier for everybody, a system not clogged with bureaucracy, a system that treats each human life with dignity and respect and does not provide huge hurdles to jump over.	you may have a moral obligation to vote, but you have no legal obligation to vote or even to register to vote.
Opinion on the design of a fictional species.	you either like the joke of a musclepacked brainless horde of humanoid fungi screaming  waaaagghh  at the top of their lungs while driving on makeshift or stolen vehicles, or you do not.	it is one of the few seemingly original things they have ever done.
Correlation between intelligence and income.	there is a high correlation between intelligence and income.	there is a link between high incomes and things like grades, performance and standardized tests and iq scores, but it is weak, and it is not proportional at all URL what i mean by this is that in general, it is likely that someone from a family that makes $ million dollars a year will be smarter than someone from a family that makes $,, but that does not mean that they will be , times smarter, or , times more well informed, or , times more qualified to pick a president, but you are advocating for giving them , times the voting power.
The right to privacy and surveillance.	to me, essentially there is no right to privacy in itself, just right to private thoughts, free actions, and private property which surveillance would not and does not change.	they may not have been picked by the president.
Bandwidth needs in the commercial marketplace.	now, i know there are some people with big bandwidth requirements those doing some major file sharing, or maybe needing a big pipe for a vpn to work.	it is more than just that.
Subjectivity in religious theories and science.	religious theories are not made by objective measurements of an environment we only know from our observations.	they are afraid because every time they have jumped up, they have come back down, and they have noticed that the higher they fall from the more painful it is.
Men's rights to opt out of child support.	men should be able to opt out of supporting a child.	i think this  opt out  should have to occur before the child is born and during the timeframe in pregnancy when the woman can legally have an abortion.
The War on Christmas and Religious Inclusivity.	the real goal of the  war on christmas  is to claim ownership of the end of the year, and pressure others to only acknowledge the christian holiday and exclude all others.	whether one or the other is considered more politically correct is irrelevant to one who is referenced  incorrectly.
Debate on whether alcohol-facilitated sex is rape.	but there is a push escalating trivial hookups to rape.	the only time someone should be charged with rape is when one party believes they have been raped and the investigation finds this to be true.
Gender identity and anatomy.	the things that define what a  aman  is is essentially a penis, and likewise, a vagina for a woman anatomically and scientifically .	should cisgendered people also not have a gender identity ? if i lose my penis am i no longer a man ? what about people born with both genitals ? what gender should they identify as ? let is do a little thought experiment to show what i am talking about here.
Criticism of TSA and Security Theater in Air Travel	i think the only reason security theater exists is because airlines have lobbied the us government to ensure that fliers feel safe on their airplanes.	the tsa is our own doing.
Musical talent comparison between Page and Peart.	no one picks up a guitar and shreds solos like page.	it just means they are the prominent band member to the media.
Israel's invasion of Gaza.	and the invasion of gaza is unjustified as well as impractical.	that alone should show you who is the aggressor and who is caught in the crossfire the reason why the death rate is so different is policy of both countries.
Religion as a Scapegoat for Logic and Knowledge.	people try to use their  religion  as a scapegoat for logic, reason, and the pursuit of knowledge; i. e.	it is also about people for searching for meaning in their lives, and justifying their societal moral codes.
Debate on whether inmates should receive free liver transplants.	however i see no reason for an inmate, most of which are former drug and alcohol abusers to perhaps receive a new liver, free of charge.	the prisoners debt to society is his/her incarceration.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	well, it is not like you helped this girl in any way, but you are sure there to condemn her when she fucks up.
Computer Science Major and Money Making	however, i am not really into the whole programming aspect, which i now realize the computer science major mostly consists of.	he can have work anytime he wants to, and he can earn like  an hour.
Foreign policy and government services in the US.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	where in the world ca not you find a coke ? a marlboro ? a budweiser ? it is our global reach is what rustles jimmies.
Monitoring and regulating illegal online activity.	no human sees any images or communication that is not illegal except in cases of false positive.	has some good speech protection laws and most of europe too.
Censorship of Swearing in Kids Shows	i will also add that yes, i also do think that swearing should not be censored in kids shows either.	children naturally lack the experience to understand context.
Handling emotional outbursts during a discussion.	the minute someone starts stomping their feet, uncontrollably swearing, crying, running away, or whatever no matter who is right and who is wrong the other is expected to drop their claim.	it is just a natural bodily response.
Impact of BitTorrent on music and media industries.	distributed networks are harder to do in every regard.	you assume the network is there, fast, and highly available.
Distracted driving and car safety warnings.	not being able to hear warnings their car is giving them.	what about expressive people who can hear, but gesture with their hands ? do we need to screen for these people ? just outlaw taking your eyes off of the road.
Evaluation of Economic Policies	his recovery act almost single handedly saved the economy from a depression saving main street, and completing the unpopular tarp bill saved wall street.	so there is a good case that it would have happened regardless of the arra, or at least not much differently.
Definition of terrorism.	but as the years go by the word is being more and more loosely defined.	but most people decide that those who attempt to use violent acts to cause fear to achieve political goals are, by definition, terrorists.
Abortion and American values.	so, if we take life through abortion, are not we defying everything americans stand for ?	surely then they have the right to life, nobody is questioning that.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	i have seen friends bite off more than they can chew and it just destroyed them.
Closed-mindedness and breaking submission rule B.	you should not even try to change my view because what i speak is a truth manifested by the movement of all mankind throughout history.	you also never back up your claims.
"Piracy in the Music Industry"	the music industry has brought piracy on itself.	copying it verbatim.
The Importance of Restroom Breaks.	i realized that these rules were unproductive to me, insofar as emptying my bladder goes, and also socially.	people want a two minute escape from the world with a social agreement that that time will be respected.
Salary-based ring purchasing guidelines.	if you are making median wage, you should be aiming for a nice several hundred dollar ring.	is your issue with the metric of  x months salary  or is your issue with what x should be ? are you saying x should be   ? if you are earning six figures, that is when you get into thousand dollar  rings.
The negative effects of video games on social life.	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	of course as the definition of our activities suggests, video games do not mimic physical sacrifice, however, you cannot say that there is no emotion between teams or groups.
Perceptions of the US military during the Iraq War.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	blaming the military for war is like blaming guns for violence.
Confusion caused by multiple exits in the same mile.	the addition of new exits results in the addition of extremely confusing  a  and  b  exits.	i have seen it go up to d or e.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	i would prefer that abortions be legal and uncommon.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	that birth control gets better so there is less chance of failure.
The social effects of identifying as a gamer.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	gamers may have fewer friends in person, but i would say their friendslist is teeming with similar online adventurers such as themselves.
Wedding ring expenses.	the idea that you should spend half or more of a yearly income on a wedding ring is the most disgusting financial advice i have ever heard.	people buy brand new cars on credit that are nearly a full years salary and think it is fine, so why is  months on a ring that will last your entire life regardless of if you get divorced or not be a bad thing ? now, buying a ring on credit is another story.
Appreciation for magic tricks and the importance of mystery.	working out how the magic trick was done is half the fun for me and i think most people .	knowing it is all faked with no interesting trick is a waste of everyones time.
Gun Training and Safety.	training should focus on both the legal framework regarding gun usage and proper shooting technique and gun maintenance.	i ca not find a source on how these accidents happen, but i would be willing to bet that very few are the result of inaccurate shooting; most are probably idiots shooting themselves or other people while handling a gun unsafely.
Disproving Claims of Nonexistent Creatures.	similarly, if a scientist were to claim that unicorns exist and provided no evidence, the claim would be disregarded.	they are not  remaining skeptical and requesting evidence  they are completely denying the possibility.
Consumer behavior towards movie theaters and home theaters.	second, and more importantly, as consumer behaviors change to favor streaming in home theaters as opposed to going to movie theaters and building home libraries stubbornly limiting your best content to only the old distribution channels has never kept consumers from adopting new behaviors.	because it works ! the netflix library is not indicative of the quality of movies today.
Commercialization of music and its impact on authenticity.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	however, here are other definitions i could find.
The Importance of Controversial Speech in Cultural Development.	speech that may seem unfit for public consumption is often the type that is needed the most for cultural development.	at those times, the federal government states are more of a grab bag with this, but that is the nature of federalism did not stop speech.
Distracted driving and car safety warnings.	not being able to hear warnings their car is giving them.	all warnings also have a visual indicator.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	cholesterol screening is a simple blood diagnostic.
Comparison of geometric shapes.	there is no doubt in my mind: the triangle wins.	you ca not just say a single shape is superior to another in every way.
Internet and Social Networking Usage.	or users would just stop using social networking as much.	it is like a monopoly.
Anime and its Historical Context.	i ca not stand most of the characters.	the only reason you do not  adore  them rather than  hate  them, is because your familiarity with western stories.
Availability of unlimited soft drinks in the UK and Germany.	in the uk,  unlimited soft drinks  is a novelty concept used only by select few chains, such as pizza hut.	does this not apply to all beverages in uk though ? when i went to germany, you could not even get free unlimited water.
Benefits of being overweight in social interactions.	i have found being overweight allows me to more quickly understand another person i am interacting with.	this directly contradicts your claim that you can see  no reason  to get fit.
Criticism of religion's role in causing problems in the world.	when i say that religion in general and islamic in specific causes a lot of problems in today is world, i am seen as a bigot and an islamophobe.	everybody else can point to a bunch of other christians and muslims that are decidedly doing the exact opposite.
Body image and beauty standards.	what i do not support is companies saying that real beauty is being round and curvy when in actuality, that may not be very healthy and should not be settled for.	if it is an issue of health and not looks, that is a personal matter between a woman and her doctor.
Corporate Responsibility and Accountability.	because of the nature of corporations, there can be situations where the corporation caused injury or death to a person yet no one person actually made a decision that knowingly caused it.	this is a contradiction.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	all we had were theories that depended upon the existence of dark matter.
Job market and wages in China.	the competition is extremely high for all kinds of jobs hence why salaries are pressed down, especially for entry level positions.	now its  years later and the population has doubled, so you now have skills that  only have and can charge more money its even better because some of the bakers  years ago have left baking so less competition for you.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	why ignore society ? why ca not you say that a piece of land belongs to you because it belongs to your ancestors because society, and the king who represented it, gave it to your ancestors ? hence it is ethically yours in that society, based on the ethics of the consensus of that society, and stealing it wrong because it violates that social consensus ? of course it does not lead to universal ethics that may be an issue for you because it would mean that ethics are valid inside a given nation: another nation can simply launch a war to take that land without the need for social consensus.
Helmet use for cyclists compared to aviation requirements.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	this is a sour grapes argument.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	they do not want it.
Misconceptions about bisexuality.	the potential partners i could have would be increased, et cetera.	although that may be unique to me since i am bi and non monogamous, someone who is monogamous and bisexual would not experience this the same way i do.
Voluntaryism and Tax Exempt Status of Religious Organizations.	the only exception i have thought of is the tax exempt status of religious organizations.	should not government work based on the consent of the governed ? should not government base their function on protecting people and their property, rather than ceasing property and forcing their idea of morality on people ? that principle is certainly a lot closer to what our founders had in mind than a government that forces far more taxes and restrictions on freedom than the british government ever did before the revolutionary war.
Is not having children a good decision?	not having child is objectively a great decision, economically, time wise, etc.	what objective measures are you using that makes one a bad decision, and the other a great decision ? having a child, and raising them well requires a great deal of time, and resources, sure.
Negative impact of British colonization on India and beyond.	in countries like india, the very form of government, transportation system, schooling system, and many other indirect influence have their roots in british colonization.	and since we have no idea how the colonized nations would have done if left alone, we really ca not say if imperialism resulted in a better outcome.
The Value of Time and Effort Over Monetary Gifts.	i also add that i personally value the gift of time and effort above most monetary gifts because that is something that everyone values about the same.	this is assuming that money did not take time/sacrifice to acquire for a millionaire/billionaire.
The Value of Time and Effort Over Monetary Gifts.	i also add that i personally value the gift of time and effort above most monetary gifts because that is something that everyone values about the same.	but what about the descendants of his/her ? they will never see that $ million.
Mental health and counseling	i do not see any reason why i should not want this.	if you are well known and wealthy, it comes with a host of other problems.
Abortion and Carelessness.	but lets be honest, there are not even close to a majority of rape and birth defect screeners getting abortions.	that birth control gets better so there is less chance of failure.
Road safety laws and permit restrictions for cars and bikers.	with these laws i think the roads would become a much safer place for cars and bikers, and many laws will be cleared up for bikers who do not understand the law.	if bicyclists were suddenly things that need a drivers license then people would have to start getting their bicycle insurance which would be another hassle.
The benefits and drawbacks of giving up freedom.	what the heck is so great about giving up so much of your freedom and taking on unimaginable responsibilities ?	because i do not know what to do with my freedom, i used to know, but it ended and it may end for you too.
Disgust sensitivity and violence.	i think liberals feel more disgust over violence and blood for example.	they are not disgusted just outraged.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	people rise to the challenge.
The purpose of a diploma in society.	my view is that the purpose of a diploma is to prove you are able to function in a civilized society.	then imagine after many years of intensive schooling to try to rehabilitate or teach him new things, he is denied entrance to the graduation ceremony and will not get a diploma or certificate of recognition.
Racial insensitivity towards black people.	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	you are not black and do not share that common history of experiences, using the word is attempting to say that you  understand  that common experience when you ca not.
Abortion and viability of the fetus.	we do not use that as a measure for whether other people are alive newborns ca not survive on their own very long.	make no mistake, they are never considered a person until they are outside of a womb.
Morality vs. Power in a Country's Strategy.	i believe x now has a strategic advantage over y because while y is concerned with morality, x is concerned more earthly things, like conquest.	thus, liberalism has an uphill battle, and it is only allies are  education  and the high death rate of elderly conservative people in certain nations.
Parity in American sports leagues.	true parity, if achieved, would mean that every team is a middle of the pack team.	well that is not the parity american sports leagues want.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	sure we all fart sometimes.
Scientific theories and laws.	scientific theories could be tweaked, and interpreted differently, which would not make you wrong, but does make your perception of the theory called into question.	without theories, there would not be as much progress by  invention  alone.
The Benefits and Limitations of Cruises	i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, you should go on a cruise.	not all large cities are on the coast.
Misunderstanding about desktop and computer relationship.	my desktop contains my computer, which contains my hard drive, which contains my profile, which contains my desktop.	your desktop does not  contain  your computer this is just you misunderstanding it.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	every innocent person killed in your military op becomes a piece of propaganda with which to recruit more people.
Legal implications of denying allegations.	denying the allegations puts you in the awkward position of calling someone a liar.	they are suing you and you are fighting it so eventually you will have to say they are lying.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	since you are backing in, you are now effectively steering with the  rear  wheels.
The benefits of taking time to make decisions.	when making a decision, taking long amounts of time to analyse and consider one is options is more beneficial than making a decision that is regretful.	deciding where to go out to get lunch is very subjective; you could spend an hour planning and weighing options, but surely there are better things to do with your time than internally debating your choices of what to eat, because really the important thing is not so much  what  you eat, but that you  do  eat because you are hungry.
Psychedelic plant extracts and their effects on abstract thinking.	dmt the method  ayahuasca  which involved mixing two specific plant extracts together to allow the proper absorption of dmt similar to lsd but naturally occurring in a number of living things .	but how does a creature that cannot think abstractly think through the process of abstracting things from a plant ? i think that there is ample anthropological evidence for the use and importance of drugs in some cultures  religious ceremonies and cultural self conception.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	many people are not living in anticipation of death at all.
English Premier League history and format.	take the english premier league, the regular season is everything since the team with the best record is ultimately the winner.	the premier league has been around since , and there have been a total of  teams that have competed.
Comparison of speeding and drunk driving laws.	also, the speeding law i described would actually be more just than drunk driving laws, because at least you know when you are speeding.	you ca not turn off your drunkenness while driving and that is why it is completely different.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	which i wo not challenge, that  it just seems inevitable that  years of social progress is slowly being erased.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	it protects people from being hassled and from being denied services for no reason other than stupid ones, such as the color of their skin.
Organic farming and GMOs.	i would be most people who often buy organics are also against gmos, which means that organic farmers have to make environmental compromises in order to satisfy their customers.	but i would still argue that it is the organic label that has to go in favor of something that makes more sense, rather than change the word  organic  to include something that is not actually organic.
"Piracy in the Music Industry"	the music industry has brought piracy on itself.	it could have embraced the internet as a means of supplying music for a reasonable cost but it did not.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	having an open relationship does not mean you go around humping everyone that does not say no.
Definition of Altruism	the bigger the sacrifice, the more generous the person.	it becomes virtually impossible, practically speaking.
Criticism of polyamorous relationships.	polyamory just seems like a rather immature way to have a relationship with.	like you said, they  are  all consenting adults.
Dislike towards people who are pro-violence.	indeed, anybody who is  pro violence  i automatically dislike.	in short: if you believe you are someone who has everything and everyone figured out, then sure.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	you did not do anything wrong, you just happened to live next to some dudes who did not like that their country was being occupied by another country.
Superficiality in Dating and Social Settings	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	other online dating sites are more concerned with personality matches and compatibility in relationships.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	take the united states for example, and its counterpart, the pre constitution articles of confederation which faced a different colonial problem: that it was too weak for warfare.
Subjectivity of people's preferences.	but that is not a good reason to go out and shit on someone.	he should release a beef song.
Proposal to exclude non-contributors from society.	how about we reject the poor and people that do not contribute to society out of that society.	social darwinism, survival of the fittest.
The decline of language expression in society.	people have no need to express themselves anymore.	people are limited to a certain set of emotions because they will only say things such as  lol  or  lmao.
Immortality and Reincarnation	c that we are closer to cracking the secret of immortality than i think.	i would prefer slower aging and longer life spans to immortality.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	usually when they talk about  screening  it means the patient fills out a short  or  question survey, points are added up for each answer, and a score suggests if the patient might need further follow up.
Internet pricing and usage.	if i do not use the internet that often, why should i pay more ?	it is not like your isp has gigabytes of data stored in a warehouse, and when you download a youtube video, there would remain a bit less afterwards.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	it is almost as if it deeply bothers you that people are happy being not thin.
Religious justifications for violence in literature.	what other fashion can you justify genocide, bigotry and forced conversion other than proclaiming that your message is about peace and love ?	there are violent buddhists, for example.
China's rise to global superpower despite oppression and censorship.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	do not think the future is so set in stone.
Basic human needs and Maslow's hierarchy.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	realistically, the majority of the world is population is barred from competing for education, health, food, etc.
***Topic: The Need for Big Scale Economic and Global Policy	big scale economic and global policy is needed, because the problem is trillions of times bigger than one guy and his yacht.	this is an argument fallacy.
Power dynamics in economic transactions.	the buyer consumer has all the power, because he is the one who comes into the transaction with money.	a girl on the street selling road side blow jobs to feed her drug habit clearly is not in the same position of power as paris hilton negotiating a million dollar deal over the release of her sex video.
Disadvantages of big money and large bureaucracy.	small enough to avoid the disadvantages corruption of big money, large inefficient bureaucracy .	meanwhile, norway is a first world country, part of a technologically developed europe for centuries, plus sitting on oil sources that have a huge per capita value.
Cultural exchange and understanding.	lets start educating each other about our different viewpoints and cultures.	but just because you ca not declare victory does not mean you should not fight it.
The value of writing and existence.	my books would most likely just be lost to time and pointlessness, so why even bother ?	it will be garbage at first, but it will get better over time.
Capital punishment and use of the electric chair	some of these people who commit these crimes make me want to personally execute them.	you are asking the state to fulfill revenge needs on your behalf.
Computer Science Major and Money Making	however, i am not really into the whole programming aspect, which i now realize the computer science major mostly consists of.	my brother is a programmer.
The ethics of suicide and societal intervention.	if you have committed no crimes against someone else, nor infringed upon their rights, society has no right to stop you from taking your own life if that is what you so choose.	it is the ultimate selfish act where you are putting your pains, fears, ideas over that of everyone that has touched you in your life.
Leadership and National Priorities.	to be successful at this, a government needs to keep a focus on the nation first, then the people, and only then any other nations or peoples.	they would be able to crush forces threatening to tear society apart, and would be able to, in theory, be more efficient than someone who is constrained by the lives of people who, ultimately, do not matter to the country.
Distrust in politicians and the desire for honesty in voting.	i only want to vote for someone who i could reasonably expect to be honest and trustworthy.	your city and county officials who are also on the ballot have far more day to day impact on your daily life.
Discussion of the distinction between sex crimes and voyeurism.	what we have here is not a sex crime, but a technologically advanced version of a peeping tom.	let is take someone peeing on another person especially peeping on a child.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	god could be behind every statistical abberation which does not conform to mechanistic models, he also could be behind none we simply do not know.
Leadership and Sociopathy.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	they will grind the country they lead into the ground in pursuit of that goal, and whether it is good for  the country  is not something they are a very good judge of, in general.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	if you do not believe, you do not believe.
Limitations of a all-powerful being with different laws of physics.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	alternatively: i can answer that yes he can create an indestructible wall that he cannot break.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	in the business world you would often go to weekend conferences.
The effectiveness of tariffs in reducing importation.	i think other methods of reducing importation would either create a black market or be horribly inefficient.	i think tariffs are the best way to reduce importation, by discouraging our own citizens via high prices.
Homosexuality as a choice and "gay for pay" pornography.	i think that participating in homosexual acts is definitely a choice.	i either am attracted to them or i am not.
Possessiveness in relationships.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	there is nothing disrespectful about being up front and honest about who you are, and what your intentions are.
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	not to mention, studies have shown that they tend to attack people who wear  less  provocative outfits because they are the  easier  targets.
Wasteful consumerism and benefits of investing in quality equipment.	imo these people are wasting their money, and exemplary of wasteful consumerism.	the guy who bought the gopro might actually use some of the features, the guy who bought the dslr gets better pics and with a few minutes with the manual can be more flexible with shots, and the guy who got the alienware can get into gaming or more demanding tasks.
Vegetarianism and Animal Rights	the way we treat all animals are simply ignored by vegetarians.	people who do not eat meat for ethical reasons are more often than not also against exploiting animals for other uses too, so i do not see your point.
Violence and Self-Defense.	but once violence happens, walking away simply is not an option anymore.	they put themselves in that time in that place and with those people who were more likely than not to use violence to solve their problems.
Overview of Political Science and IR as Disciplines	admittedly, one class and a global policy simulation may not be enough to really judge the field, but i ca not be completely wrong, right ?	each will have its advocates and there will naturally be some people like that professor who will want to position themselves as a sort of academic renegade because it sounds novel and sexy.
Controversy over Michael Brown's character.	i get pissed off that people think michael brown is still a saint after the video of him robbing the store was released.	you ca not just shoot people for being an asshole or past robberies.
Issues with US Railroads.	the railroads have hardly innovated in decades and are abysmal for passenger traffic.	the whole point of net neutrality is  to encourage competition.
Weddings and gender roles.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	furthermore, if the participants see the event as very important and do not see it as a waste of money, how can you decide that it is a waste of money  to them  ? being truly in love has nothing to do with wanting a big wedding or not.
Importance of Happiness vs Money	doing what makes you happy is just as important as making money.	first of all income stability depends on your lifestyle.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	if i were reading something longer or more complicated that used  you  to consistently refer to different people, i might loose track of who the  you  refers to.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	thirdly, muggle weapons are much slower than apparition.
Flaws of a non-democratic system.	the  people  in such a system no longer have the power, which is what a democracy is supposed to be.	corporations, unions, special interest groups etc.
Importance of challenging students and the benefits of diversity.	secondly, there is danger in leaving any students unchallenged.	systematic education needs a global overhaul, i think we can both agree on that one.
The impact of creating separate museums on American unity.	creating a separate museum just intensifies feelings of separateness.	would it make sense to discuss the war of  and the invention of the light bulb in the same paragraph ? splitters gotta split.
The practicality of women wanting men to have cars.	i believe that, for most women, wanting a man to have a car is not a matter of superficiality, but practicality.	the purpose of a relationship goes way beyond being a practical and material improvement to life.
Advancements in Science and Technology.	do not understand how significant scientific discovery has been over the past generations.	and yet the past hundred and ten years or so have seen a completely unprecedented explosion of science and tech that shows no sign of slowing down anytime soon.
Relationships and Cheating	failed relationships and cheating is just way too prevalent to be coincidental.	read desmond morris  book the human zoo URL things like our sexual behaviors, etc.
Responsibility for persecution of atheists.	also, anyone who, for whatever reason, is persecuted for being atheist is at least partly responsible for their own persecution.	no one knows what your religious views are unless you tell them.
Bandwidth usage and incentives for streaming sites.	netflix and major bandwidth sites do not have much of an incentive to lower their bandwidth because of all this.	it is that you use too much bandwidth in the first place.
Marriage as a Necessity.	i do not think marriage is needed to have sex, prove your love or even have kids.	it also provides a legal shortcut for a variety of situations.
Fear of the Unknown in Natural Selection.	since natural selection shows us that the strong survive, at some point the human, or protohuman, brain tells humans that anything different is dangerous.	as prey animals their survival depends on avoiding danger.
Patents and Copyright as Property.	however, patents and copyright are not  property  in the sense that cars are.	if you eliminate the ability for content creators to transfer their rights you will severely undermine their ability to profit from their intellectual work.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	what you may not realize is that sometimes the couple wanted a small thing but one or both of the couples parents pushed for a big celebration this is a big day for them to see their son or daughter be married off.
Suppressors and firearm noise reduction.	contrary to what video games tell you, suppressors do not make a firearm completely silent.	it makes matching a gun conclusively with a bullet impossible.
Ethnic identity and secessionist movements.	if you have spent most of your life in one place, that place is your home.	so, ethnic albanians living in kosovo, and out breeding serbian kosovaars, should be able to vote to cede to albanian ? ethnic russians in ukraine ? ethnic mexican americans in california ?.
Negative effects of derogatory humor on stereotypes.	derogatory humor also helps perpetuate negative stereotypes about groups that often deal with these preconceived ideas on a regular basis already.	this entire arguments rests on this faulty assumption.
Subjectivity of people's preferences.	but that is not a good reason to go out and shit on someone.	a rapper with skills would write a diss track and release it.
Sociopaths and Moral Quandaries	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	i would almost immediately disagree here.
The value of life and abortion.	there is a reason life was listed first, if you do not have a right to your life, you ca not have a right to anything else.	what do those two have in common ? they require  being born.
Marriage as a Necessity.	i do not think marriage is needed to have sex, prove your love or even have kids.	legal, civil marriage saves a lot of time and money.
Gender and Advice Giving.	if you ask a man, however, you will get more useful advice.	i guess i do not really see how you have demonstrated that the average man will have better advice than the average woman.
Gender Stereotyping and Gender Identity.	through traditional stereotypes of masculinity and femininity, gender creates a categorization of behaviors, qualities, and images as belonging either to men or women.	masculinity and femininity are not intertwined with men/women.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	and that is okay.
Legalization of Racism and its Impact on Free Market	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	if a shopkeep now is a closet racist, i could be supporting him or her financially and not even know it.
Religious freedom and constitutional limits.	the laws seem to favor one religious view over another, which is unconstitutional.	now we have to decide on an appropriate limit.
Obesity and Legislative Impact on Healthy Alternatives.	point being, obesity only runs rampant in the united states because legislature is not there to deflate the cost of healthy alternatives.	bmi is not is not a measure of body fat though.
Separation of Church and State	the modern state is more powerful and overbearing than any institution that has ever existed in human history.	the people  are  the state, the state is made up of the people.
Privilege and Oppression.	everything after  heterosexual white male  is supposed to make me oppressed, but i do not feel oppressed and i certainly do not feel privileged.	nobody is telling you that you must feel oppressed or feel privileged either.
Challenging students in public education system.	there is danger in leaving any students unchallenged.	in university and the work force, its a different story.
Belief in God and personal stance on religion.	i mean god as a supreme being/entity who is all knowing, all powerful, and created the universe.	keeping god into the universe makes an endless chain of one god creating another.
Microevolution and Macroevolution.	evolution occurs on small scales with species, but these species do not hold a common ancestor.	second, is the reason why scientists  do not  use those terms.
Love as a social construct and primal instincts.	true, but maybe that is because love itself is a social construct ?	as we started to grow wiser and form social constructs the idea of love came into play.
Challenges of social mobility in higher education.	as most universities give huge financial aid scholarships, poor kids who are able study hard and succeed in school have amazing opportunities in tertiary education.	they are not that big, and largely on the basis a of need rather than merit, or b a drop in the bucket compared to the huge cost of tuition to begin with.
The importance of promoting gifted education.	if we are not promoting gifted education, then we are effectively encouraging mediocrity.	assuming the others are considered mediocre.
Deportation of illegal parents and its impact on families.	many have had children, and so deporting the illegal parents may break families apart.	i understand that you are frustrated that someone can break a law that is in place for a good reason and seemingly be rewarded for it.
The importance of a marketplace of ideas for abortion rights.	what can i possibly say of any value about abortion rights ?	you have a conscience and you can decide whether the acts of other people should be supported or condemned.
Job search and academic transcripts.	then i will find a job and i will be happy to work as hard as i can given that i am being paid to do stuff, but until then, why bother ?	do you hire someone who did well in school, or someone who did the minimum to get by ? why work hard at your job instead of just doing the minimum ? your employer will ask the same question.
Atheism and Religion Beliefs.	i just ca not imagine a scenario where i say nothing then someone else says something about their religion or some analogy and i say  oh i guess you are right then, your religion here is real .	a person can believe in a higher being without holding any religious views, and likewise, a person can be a religious atheist.
Efficiency of government vs private sector and privatization.	there is not a single example of a government organization working with greater efficiency than a corporate or private sector competitor.	the private sector just balks at doing things that are not profitable, anything that is not just does not happen.
Animal farming and its impact beyond human consumption.	if you decide to not eat animals so that hopefully less farm animals are subject to such horrible conditions, you are ignoring the bigger picture.	people who do not eat meat for ethical reasons are more often than not also against exploiting animals for other uses too, so i do not see your point.
US economy and foreign policy under Obama.	the economy has rebounded from a catastrophic recession with the djia and nasdaq reaching all time highs.	the djia and nasdaq are historically pretty poor indicators of economic performance and economic stability.
Criticism of "The Mismeasure of Man" Conclusion	also, before anyone suggests it, i have indeed read  the mismeasure of man.	you ca not just form conclusions about complex human traits without accounting for every factor, which he did not even come close to doing.
Criticism of feminism's impact on women's wellbeing.	the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	but even though the proportion of single households has risen, it is still under  URL figure , page .
Conspiracy theories and jumping to conclusions.	but unless you try to find an explanation, do not jump up to easy conclusion.	conspiracy theories are usually an attempt to fit events into your existing worldview.
The Benefits and Limitations of Cruises	i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, you should go on a cruise.	a cruise is not a viable means of transportation for this trip, nor a viable means of lodging.
Superficiality in Dating and Social Settings	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	you can go to the site you want to meet a person interested in the thing you want at the time.
Importance of diplomas in society.	my view is that the purpose of a diploma is to prove you are able to function in a civilized society.	its now two years later and he is making twice as much as both my parents make combined.
The negative effects of video games on social life.	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	sure, there are mmos that require teamwork, but i do not believe they can mimic the physical sacrifice and the emotion of interaction with others on a field/court/other playing surface.
Middle East and colonization.	i think we need to basically recolonize the middle east.	ignoring the absurdly phenomenal cost of such a proposition, realize that doing so would simply validate the extremists in the region and exacerbate the terrorist threat to far new highs we have yet to see.
Polyamory and selective love.	love is not something you can throw around nilly willy.	why is love not something you can have for multiple people ? you are always gonna love someone more than another.
Inequality and its impacts on society.	why should i care if someone else is making more money than i am ?	what if you are black or gay or a pregnant woman and absolutely nobody will hire you ? is it fair these good workers ca not find a job because of inequality ? or when they finally find someone to hire them, they are paid less for the same amount of work ? how low must people sink onto poverty simply due to gender or skin color ? do people  deserve  to be poor and almost homeless simply because they were born with darker skin or no penis ?.
Parity in American sports leagues.	true parity, if achieved, would mean that every team is a middle of the pack team.	yet, the seahawks finished under.
Criticism of TSA and Security Theater in Air Travel	i think the only reason security theater exists is because airlines have lobbied the us government to ensure that fliers feel safe on their airplanes.	the tsa is the result of politicians trying to appear tough on terrorism and productive.
Controversy surrounding Arvo in a video game.	we all love lee even though he did something just as bad; we ca not judge arvo for what little we have seen of him especially in his state.	i think the root of the frustration and hate people feel towards arvo is the lack of choice the game gives you.
Animal sentience and the desire to live.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	i do not think there is an absolute truth to this sort of thing.
Misrepresentation of Feminism on Social Media	the behavior of some supposed feminists, however, often in online formats such as twitter, is antithetical to feminisms goals, is awful pr, and is simply not okay.	i have never ever seen or heard  any  feminist claim that men should never criticize feminism.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	also, what is wrong with feeling spoiled or special ? we are all humans and we have feelings.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	the decommissioning of mines is also no quick process they are brownfield sites usually.
Controversy over Ten Commandment monuments on public land.	allowing ten commandment monuments on public land forces christian beliefs on all non christians.	and you are not being forced to do so; you are being  forced , if that is the right word, to live with others practicing their religions.
Combining parenting with charity work.	i am making the assumption that instead of child bearing the would be parent involves him or herself in some sort of meaningful charity work .	i believe socfme people are not giving people, kids or not, and they wo not lift a finger for charity.
Comparison of gymnastics and rock climbing.	yet gymnastics asks one to maneuver their bodies into shapes that the human figure is not meant to form.	on floor if you do not kick your leg hard enough, or you kick it a little off to the side, or you do not snap your hands back up quick enough for the takeoff, you could risk a serious crash landing.
Education requirements for becoming a police officer.	from what i understand, you do not need an associate is or bachelor is degree to be trained as a police officer.	true, but college courses do not teach you to shoot guns.
Pharmacies and Vaccinations.	the shot is a big way for the pharmacies to make their money from a virus that is not even relevant.	the flu virus continues to mutate with every flu season, and it is entirely possible that one year it will again mutate into a strain as virulent as the infamous  spanish flu URL potentially capable of causing tens or hundreds of millions of deaths worldwide.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	though you ca not be upset if people do not judge you favorable for it as a general rule when you go out with a friend you should respect their concerns.
Efficiency and Resource Usage Limitations.	in general we are becoming more efficient, and using less resources for the same tasks, as time progresses.	they also will get smaller and smaller until a limit has been reached.
Opposition to same-sex displays at weddings.	i would be extremely uncomfortable seeing men/women dancing/kissing people of the same sex at the wedding.	that is what you are doing to these people you are telling them that because of something out of their control their gender of their partner their relationship is not  areal  to you.
Refereeing and Holding Calls.	i acknowledge that referees seem to call  holding  only on actions that directly affect the outcome of the play.	for example, in the second picture you can see the payer in red  pulling  the shirt on the right shoulder of the player in white.
Artificial Intelligence and its potential consequences.	when we program increasingly complex algorithms that fight each other to death for profit at astonishing rates millions and millions of transactions per second , we start developing self improving algorithms that prey on the weaknesses of other algorithms, what does that sound like ?	we do not have a hope of ever communicating with this thing, and it will eat us alive without ever thinking it did any wrong.
Challenges of being a feminist ally.	if i identify as a feminist ally and mainstream feminism decides to go off the deep end, my ally status nevertheless shackles me to a movement over which i have no influence.	in other words,  ally  is a good way to quickly declare where your beliefs or sympathies lie while also conveying some demographic interest about you and your relationship with those beliefs.
White Privilege and Racism	statements like  white people ca not experience racism  are obviously bunk; tell that to the polish guy who got glassed and facially disfigured by a drunk woman in my town on the basis of his identity.	i do not go around every day self conscious of my skin colour.
Israeli response to Gaza invasion.	the invasion is terrorism designed to kill civilians and scare gaza into subservience.	israel policies: early warning alert systems and the iron dome make israelis incredibly safe.
Cultural influence on dietary and sexual preferences.	i do not think you are primitive and cruel if you eat meat, i think you are a victim of circumstance like everyone else and have that choice made for you by your culture.	much of our society is based on survival of the fittest.
Transparency and legitimacy of large jackpots.	why do we not doubt the legitimacy of other large jackpots ?	government as a rule should be transparent and verifiable wherever possible, it is a tool against corruption.
The use of spanking as a punishment for children.	spanking is the universal  ultimate punishment  for a child.	with your logic, a child beaten by a belt ought to be the most well behaved.
Debate on Monogamy vs. Open Relationships.	more over, the reasons for being monogamous are exclusively character flaws related to the items mentioned above, or outright ignorance about non monogamy, about stis, etc .	if it is primarily a physical pleasure, then yes i can see where it would be exciting to have variety.
Advantages of using a trailer for moving.	if you actually want to move a lot of stuff a trailer is a lot more practical.	your stuff does not get rained on or blown away and you can stock things vertically.
Negative impact of British colonization on India and beyond.	in countries like india, the very form of government, transportation system, schooling system, and many other indirect influence have their roots in british colonization.	the europeans just drew arbitrary lines that did not respect any of the local cultures and just forced everyone to fall in line with their new  identities.
Comparison of Soviet and US Cartoons.	i used to watch soviet cartoons which are diametrically different from the ones produced in the us.	the u.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	she thought the dance was representing a scene of violence.
Referendum and Voting Rights for UK Residents and EU Citizens.	in my opinion, the referendum should be decided by all uk residents that is, eu citizens living in england, wales, scotland, and northern ireland.	and could only obtain that position by catering to english interests primarily.
Professional jurors and their qualifications.	people who have a degree in law, or pass some sort of intelligence related test can enter in as applicants for professional jurors.	i am almost certain, by this measure, we will have a professional jury filled with predominantly affluent white people sound kind of familiar ?.
Marriage and Children's Success: Correlation or Causation?	children do best when their parents are married.	is there something about marriage that makes it better for the children for them to stay married ? or is divorce, in order to break up an abusive relationship, better for the children in this scenario ? in general, when you create a  pressure relief valve , in this case divorce, the unsuccessful marriages will naturally relieve themselves, while the successful ones will remain.
Domestic Violence and Forgiveness	would the man get called out on being wrong and weak for forgiving him ?	nbsp;  i am not so sure about the other point, do you think it is ok for women to still consider a relationship with a man who showed violence to them even once ? that is something that is unique to every individual situation, there is not one size fits all standard.
Commercialization of music and its impact on authenticity.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	urban dictionary URL one who betrays a cause for personal advancement.
Travel options for coastal cities and limitations of cruises.	most large cities are on the coast and you are able to travel anywhere.	i do not have any children, and i am perfectly able to keep myself occupied on a trip without going on a cruise.
Comparison of speeding and drunk driving laws.	also, the speeding law i described would actually be more just than drunk driving laws, because at least you know when you are speeding.	you can only guess at your bac, subjectively estimating how drunk you are.
The joy of getting married in a simple way.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	to some people the big ceremony is important.
Clarifying the "not all men are like that" argument.	when someone says  not all men are like that , the correct response is to clarify, or admit to a factual error, and not to accuse the other side of  derailing , or  changing the subject .	however, in my experience, usually when these arguments are used, they are not aimed at statements claiming  all x are like that.
Issues with the Penalty System in Sports.	the penalty itself lacks rationale, in that the offending player is simply victim of the laws of physics and momentum.	instead trying to win with skill the defenders will simply try to take out an effective opponent who can put points on the board.
Financial stability and selling out.	when you obviously have enough to be financially stable, everything after that is pure greed and no matter how great your work was in the past, the fact that you have lost your values undermines it.	if selling out is betraying  your  /u/imjustkidding is principles, then anyone you say is a sellout is a sellout, and your view cannot be changed.
Criticism of Jefferson Davis and Robert E. Lee's Role in U.S. History	jefferson davis and robert e.  lee, lee especially, were directly responsible for the single worst crisis in u. s.	it is not a crime for soldiers to kill enemy soldiers on the battlefield.
Gender and racial categories in sports.	i think if sports are broken up into male/female categories for fairness then sports should also be broken up into racial categories for fairness.	i do not think there is any evidence that black people are genetically superior at running pretty much the definition of racism.
Capital punishment and ethical concerns.	imagine if someone came into your life, took away someone you held near and dear, causing suffering to you and everyone who knew them.	so you are no better off than the criminal here from a moral standpoint.
Challenges of Law Enforcement and Professional Standards.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	like when they kill a  year old and get acquitted URL or when they raid the wrong home and kill an innocent man who think he is defending his property.
Rights of criminals and penal system.	yes, you forfeit certain rights when you commit a crime.	does that mean you just get to leave and go murder and rob elsewhere ? no.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	abrams has shown, throughout his career, that he can direct actors to deliver compelling performances, even when the material is shallow.
Efficient boarding process at airports.	passengers should be required to self sort prior to having their tickets scanned.	passenger boarding times are not the only factor.
Justice system and punishment methods.	imagine if someone came into your life, took away someone you held near and dear, causing suffering to you and everyone who knew them.	if the merits of your proposition rest  entirely  upon inflicting like pain, it fails to pass muster.
The Importance of Restroom Breaks.	i realized that these rules were unproductive to me, insofar as emptying my bladder goes, and also socially.	it is  rest  time.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	when that happens, some choose to keep the child, some want an abortion right away because they do not want kids, and some of them even want to keep the child but ca not.
The quality of humor in comic strips.	the comic is comedy or sentimental value is also objectively low.	rarely is a strip something that elicits even a smile, let alone some sort of profound emotion.
Laws and ethics surrounding bestiality and animal rights.	in almost all jurisdictions, laws regarding sexuality place consent as the most important factor.	i do not think you can consistently be against bestiality unless you are also against raising animals for meat, it is not as if rape is much if any worse than murder, but plenty of people are pro murder animals, but anti raping animals.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	the second person allows a writer to address the reader directly and can put the reader into the position of the person actually participating in whatever you are describing.
Libertarianism and Discrimination.	i tire of discussions of natural rights and how libertarians treat everyone with equality, because everyone is allowed to discriminate equally !	you do not want to hire whites and blacks at your asian restaurant ? well your allowed to decide who can work at  your  business, just like you can decide who can come on to your  private  property.
Gun violence and its impact on society.	not to mention the amount of people who die each year due to violence with the use of guns and firearms such as mass killings of innocent lives.	as a guy who lives in texas, this is untrue.
Toxicity in Gaming Community.	even i have recieved some hate messages for disagreeing with them.	the gamers are the ones who ca not take critique.
Knowledge of World War II in America.	as a european american i am consistently astounded by how little americans know about the war.	i do not find a holiday to keep an event from being forgotten which i think is part of the reason memorial day is no longer just about the civil war but about deceased veterans from all wars.
Comparison of superhero film franchises.	hero is fine, shit happens to hero, hero saves day, the end.	for example, in captain america , a focal point of the story is the villian is goal being achieved by escalation of perceived threats to make it publicly acceptable to usher in overwhelming and invasive security i.
Discussion on the feasibility of battery-powered vehicles.	many vehicles simply demand too much energy to be battery powered construction, military, freight, etc.	you merely asserted problems you have with mass adoption.
Religion and Logic	i just ca not see how intelligence and logical reasoning can coexist with religious beliefs.	the logical explanation is that the answer is unknown, based on lack of evidence; not that the absence of evidence is the evidence of absence, as you seem to be supporting.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	i propose all people should be treated with respect.
Capitalism vs. Communism	we are capitalist by nature, thus communism is impossible.	we have been capitalist for a very small subset of our history.i certainly would not call us capitalist by nature.
Referendum and Voting Rights for UK Residents and EU Citizens.	in my opinion, the referendum should be decided by all uk residents that is, eu citizens living in england, wales, scotland, and northern ireland.	failing to allow them to secede is oppressive in itself.
Monopoly's lack of skill and excessive randomness.	games full of randomness are too boring. like many american kids, i was often forced throughout my childhood to participate in  monopoly  games with my family.	after that games like life and monopoly add a little bit of skill and choice without being intimidating.
Tax-exempt business buying undisclosed property.	the business buying the house is a tax free organization.	even if it is not logical, i am assuming that when someone is looking to buy my house they will be put off by the presence of group home nearby.
The existence of an intelligent being as a creator.	id says: there is some intelligent being who exists outside of our understanding of time.	in fact, if something can just have always have existed without a beginning, why is it not possible that the universe did not always exist without a beginning ? since it is possible, why not save a logical step and just go with  the universe always existed  instead of  isomething which we have no evidence for always existed, and it was responsible for the creation of the universe  ? after all, what you are suggesting, even if we are just going with  something responsible for the creation of our universe  and not anything else has  zero  more explanatory power than just saying the universe always existed.
Government spending priorities.	i think govt should spend money on their own citizens and improve their quality of life than wars and supporting other countries.	actually the cost of educating an entire generation is quite substantial, even without considering the bureaucratic quagmire that it generates.
Clock industry decline.	but those clocks have been in a decline for a long time now.	that means there is no longer a point for am/pm, other than tradition.
Comparison of difficulty between rapping and playing instruments.	as someone who has played different musical instruments and rapped, i think rapping at an elementary level was always much easier than playing an instrument.	there have been plenty of shitty musicians who have made it big because success is about more than how technically good you are at what you are doing, in music as it is in all other aspects of life.
Media portrayal of criminals vs average citizens during difficult times.	but why are the cases that are most blasted over the media only focused on thugs ?	the majority of people in the ussr during its darkest periods kept their heads down and stayed out of trouble.
The limitations of ethical consumerism.	in practice, ethical consumerism is used as an excuse to abolish democratically implemented regulations, leaving huge questions the environment, workers rights, and the like to the will of a system that inherently values profit over superficial  ethics .	you are forgetting the moral utility of knowing that particular product is better for the planet.
Advantages of not having children and family business.	not having child is objectively a great decision, economically, time wise, etc.	who is going to help out and take care of you when you are old ? who will you spend time with when most of your friends and family have died ? oh come on.
Balancing Work and Personal Life	i do not eat excessively or drink lots of beer at weekend social gatherings.	martial arts is one of my favorite things to do, but the closest studio is  mins from my house,  mins from my job, and costs way more monthly than i can afford.
The War on Christmas and Religious Inclusivity.	the real goal of the  war on christmas  is to claim ownership of the end of the year, and pressure others to only acknowledge the christian holiday and exclude all others.	keep in mind that there is no such thing as a one sided war.
Beauty standards for women.	and places value in the superficial that is completely irrelevant.	who the hell are you to tell them it is irrelevant ? i work hard to have the body that i have today, and i am damn proud of it.
Artificial Intelligence and Algorithmic Trading.	when we program increasingly complex algorithms that fight each other to death for profit at astonishing rates millions and millions of transactions per second , we start developing self improving algorithms that prey on the weaknesses of other algorithms, what does that sound like ?	where did you get the idea that this is how ai is going to be ?.
Learning from reality TV shows.	lessons of trust, betrayal the art of deception can be learned from shows such as big brother and survivor.	generally in an hour long show with say,  contestants in the episode, you are talking about  or  minutes of screen time per contestant.
Foreign policy and government services in the US.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	for every enemy we create, we make  more friends.
Advantages of digital clocks	digital clocks are better since its faster to read the minutes as a number.	whereas a person reading a digital clock must parse the individual numbers and potentially perform some mental calculations to determine the answer to questions like  has a half hour passed yet  with an analog clock you can just look at the relative position of the hands and get your question answered more intuitively.
Escalator etiquette.	my point is that on escalators, polite and considerate people stand on the standing side and pass on the passing side.	unlike roads where we move ourselves, escalators do the moving for us.
Qualifications for Political Office	most of our presidents had never actually been a governor, many were senators, representatives, or even soldiers.	there is a whole government setup to run the country, of which the president is only part of that.
Capital punishment and morality.	murder and inequality are naturally occurring phenomenons.	the fact that not everything that is natural is good is not a valid argument against homosexuality or marriage equality.
Israel's right to retaliate against Hamas for safety.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	with the main goal of hamas being to destroy israel; israel has the right to neutralize hamas to ensure the safety of israeli citizens.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	why do you feel offended when other people find self love and acceptance ? curvy is a shape, not a health diagnosis.
Non-monetary ways of providing for others.	please, give me an example of something that provides for others which does not run on money.	instead they travel around to foreign countries on their days off to provide healthcare to needy people.
The insignificance of one's actions over time.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	for instance i will start small and go to a larger scale.
Adoption versus Biological Children	why insist on having your biological child when so many are in need of a family ?	because we find humanity more important than the environment.
The impact of creating separate museums on American unity.	creating a separate museum just intensifies feelings of separateness.	you appear to strongly wish that the history museums in dc, via their physical array, promote the impression that american history and by extension, if you will allow me to read in between the lines, america itself is a unified whole.
Driving at Slow Speeds	driving at such slow speeds is impractical.	according to the nsc, , lives are lost every year to speeding, so if that is not a big problem then i do not know what is.
Kant's Categorical Imperative and Atomicity in Actions.	but none of the maxims address the atomicity of the action why must not apply the categorical imperative to the action of telling a murderer where the children are ?	for kant, maxims are to human behavior like theorems are to mathematics.
Social contract and punishment for breaking it.	i believe that everyone of us that lives in a society has tacitly agreed to a social contract and to abide by the society is laws.	the reason we should not opt for the death penalty is simple: money ! it is cheaper to put a person away for the rest of his life.
Types of atheism and their beliefs.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	there is actually also a bit of a misconception regarding agnosticism.
Feminism and Public Opinion.	these connotations seem to turn public opinion away from the feminist movement.	feminism is not a public relations deal, it is about rights, and pay, and treatment, and culture, and a host of things i am completely ignorant of.
Challenges of having a national language for government documents.	a national language helps bind national unity.	a national language is helpful so everyone can understand each other, and work more well together.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	aluminium production globally is powered by hydropower the largest source of electricity in the early th century to prove that it is commercially viable , it does not depend on oil except for a few small smelters some may be fueled by natural gas but their aluminium costs more than that from hydropower.
Dangers of treating information as property and patent trolls.	treating information as property creates dangerous entities like patent trolls, which do not create anything but merely buy and sell information for profit.	your problem seems to be based on the mistaken belief that property is a  thing  rather than a legal relationship  to  a thing.
Suppressors and firearm noise reduction.	contrary to what video games tell you, suppressors do not make a firearm completely silent.	in fact, many countries in europe encourage if not require you to use one when hunting or shooting.
Benefits of waiting to buy video games.	games do not need to be bought on release.	but they can be, and there is nothing wrong with that.
Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	many, if not most people try to provide a lot of support for gay people to come out, and help make it a norm and not have people think they have to hide it or be bullied.
Importance of Clear Communication in Homework Instructions.	homework is about communicating that you know the material and can obtain a correct solution to a problem.	again nobody purposefully hands in something unreadable.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	on the flip side, if you made a choice to marry someone, should not you also have some very basic trust in that person excluding outstanding circumstances like a gambling addiction etc ? marriage merges so many aspects of your lives, legally and otherwise.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	feminists know that fact.
Criticism of human nature and selfishness.	i would never sacrifice the person i cared most about to help such a selfish, deliberately ignorant, and self centered species.	most of us are not even aware of the world around us even though we have ample opportunity and resources  this last sentence is the very reason why we should help humanity.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	he is been at this for a while, so he might not need to debug for a while.
Reasons for having children.	why add to the rapid deterioration of our environment by bringing another human being into existence ?	because it is a biological imperative to perpetuate our genes.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	what do women get for sexual dysfunction ? there is no counterpart to viagara.
Winning Elections Based on Geography and Marketing.	i think elections are won one of two ways: based on geographic party affiliation i. e.	if a community, even in a red or blue state has had enough of their party, there is a chance it will change.
The use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	it is also not just black people who would not want you to use the word nigger as i would not either.
Challenges of having a national language for government documents.	a national language helps bind national unity.	even if we did make english our official language we would continue to create translations.
Corporate personhood and limitations.	the rights and responsibilities belonging to people were extended to corporations.	for example, corporations ca not vote.
Echo chambers and belief in rumors on boards.	on boards you will find echo chambers where people are more prone to believe rumors than proof.	it will reach conspiracy theory levels of  proof  where people will simply believe it because they feel as if they are a part of a group effort that is uncovering something.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	that, i will give you i have seen women come onto forums and describe a sexual encounter, share that they are confused and feel weird about it, and be assured that  if you even have to ask  was i raped ?   then it was rape !   even though it really does not read like a rape account.
Police heroism and community service.	i would like to see more videos of police rescuing children from blazing fires, and helping out the impoverished.	i have never seen cops get so mad as when you question their authority:  why you wanna know that ?  ,  i have the right to park here ,  what i am doing is not illegal  any statement like that to a cop and in my experience that cop is going to  assert his authority.
Disproving Claims of Nonexistent Creatures.	similarly, if a scientist were to claim that unicorns exist and provided no evidence, the claim would be disregarded.	we are discussing the  origin of the universe , by definition something not contained by our universe.
Discussion on the concept of human nature.	people always talk about how pure children are.	from these things, and the two world wars who change many cultural factors, was spread the idea that all people are naturally evil.
Gender inclusion in male-dominated fields.	any male based medium ca not seem to exist without the forced assimilation of women into it.	i still have yet to see girls at the rush and dream theater shows.
Gender equality and violence.	when the person happens to be a man, he  apparently deserves to be beaten . but if the person is a woman  no one should lay a hand on her  ?	i do not see how your arguments have addressed it at all.
Financial Responsibility and Choice of Spending.	i am forced to pay at least partially for all of these things and offered no way to choose where my money goes.	for it to perform its functions, it needs money.
Investment in Boarding Schools in USA.	investing on such boarding schools is not a big deal for countries like usa.	there is no such thing as free education, food, accommodation, or any of the other things that governments decide to spend money on.
Scientific theories and laws.	scientific theories could be tweaked, and interpreted differently, which would not make you wrong, but does make your perception of the theory called into question.	all inventions are based off of scientific principals.
Criticism of feminism's impact on women's wellbeing.	the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	in that majority of households where a man and woman live together usually married the prospects of one partner cannot be unintertwined from the prospects of the other.
Religious justifications for violence in literature.	what other fashion can you justify genocide, bigotry and forced conversion other than proclaiming that your message is about peace and love ?	oh, come now, we all know that organized religion and the scholarship generated by it is separate from the actual words attributed to christ.
The risks and roles of joining the US armed forces.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	thus, those who choose to join it are those who choose to  serve  and to say that they do not deserve respect because their elected leaders told them to go to war is silly because those elected leaders were elected by citizens like you !.
Criticism of environmental hypocrisy regarding private jet usage.	there is no hypocrisy, because no one is advocating the ban of private jets.	no one is advocating that everyone must take a vow of poverty before they can be considered a credible advocate.
Criticism of "The Mismeasure of Man" Conclusion	also, before anyone suggests it, i have indeed read  the mismeasure of man.	implying that the adopted black kids of white parents are raised the same way as white kids of white parents is a huge flaw in the study.
The role of sociopaths in society and leadership.	in order to minimize people is personal moral codes getting in the way of a powerful, efficient society, sociopaths and other people with little to no morals should be encourages to attain positions of power.	sociopaths in power only function so long as they have some organization they can leach from.
Criticism of Obama's handling of racial tensions.	i think people are very quick to judge someone is actions, obama is recent criticisms along with the martin, brown, and garner, as specific intentions of race baiting.	al sharpton is actually  million dollars in debt URL and people who are in government make less than they did in their previous careers.
Debate on abortion and rights of the fetus.	which should not be valid because youre killing another body. which should have rights.	i think you are missing the distinction between  a has a right to live  and  a has a right to use b is body for sustenance.
The right to privacy and surveillance.	to me, essentially there is no right to privacy in itself, just right to private thoughts, free actions, and private property which surveillance would not and does not change.	all those secret people, were not secret people we picked.
The importance of storing all information by search engines.	thirdly, all information no matter how irrelevant or relevant should be stored by search engines.	but at the same time, they are invaluable to me to show my kids what their grandparents and great grandparents were like, should i have kids.
Opposition to needless abortions and consequences for lack of responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	which should have rights.
Freedom of religion and speech.	freedom of religion is freedom from religion.	no, it does not.
Difficulty of learning and education for exceptional individuals.	there are no difficult subjects to learn.	but if you are actually at an ivy, like your post suggests, then i think its impossible for your to seriously believe this.
Overpopulation and Climate Change.	every new person contributes to anthropogenic climate change.	increased demand for resources is one cost of having more humans around, but increased output art/science/industry is the benefit of having more people around.
Oppressive quotas and abuse of fundamental rights.	oppressive methods of quotas and such result in abuse of people is fundamental rights.	but using abusive ways to reach this goal is wrong.
LGBT representation in resources for intersex children and parents.	but when we are dealing with young children and their parents, there is a concern that the association with lgbt would drive away parents of intersex children who would otherwise seek out information and resources about intersex conditions.	these people and by consequence their allies do consider the forced sex assignment surgery to be wrong.
Selection of elites and lack of historical understanding.	these elites are not selected by the people, but are established based on certain merits.	merits that are achieved through humanitarian work, educational work, military work.
Artificial Intelligence and Algorithmic Trading.	when we program increasingly complex algorithms that fight each other to death for profit at astonishing rates millions and millions of transactions per second , we start developing self improving algorithms that prey on the weaknesses of other algorithms, what does that sound like ?	this means that just racking up processing power and syntactic complexity will never amount to you suddenly developing  meaning  or  aboutness , you will just be a set of procedures.
Frequency of Moving Heavy Objects.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	at least one for our gear and equipment camping gear, rifles, fishing gear, etc.
Qualifications for Political Office	most of our presidents had never actually been a governor, many were senators, representatives, or even soldiers.	additionally, the us president does not run the country.
Importance of lectures and exams in academic performance.	the recommended textbook should only used as a study aid, not as a replacement for lectures.	it is nerve wracking even for someone confident in their ability and putting this amount of pressure on students is unnecessary.
Distracted driving and communication barriers.	not being able to call for help if their car breaks down.	all warnings also have a visual indicator.
Police heroism and community service.	i would like to see more videos of police rescuing children from blazing fires, and helping out the impoverished.	i have never had an experience where a cop was a  heroic figure  who  saved the day.
Importance of taking a day off on your birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	this is wrong.
Discussing interpretations in literature and its relevance to education.	i get that for many people, discussing interpretations is a way of enhancing their reading experience, but what does that have to do with my education ?	obviously mathematics, for example, ascribes to it because of it is inherent purpose and use.
Police use of lethal firearms.	first off, why do your day to day patrol officers need lethal firearms ?	if there are hostages, they are almost in the same position as you.
Disorganization of icons on computer and physical desktop.	on windows, we have a mess of system icons and application icons just sitting there loose to drag around.	which is just like the mess of loose and drag able things on my  physical  desktop.
Disagreeing and downvoting on online platforms.	i have downvoted someone i have disagreed with.	what unidan was doing was downvoting all the posts near his and upvoting his in the new queue, hiding everyone else is posts and promoting his own artificially.
Cultural exchange and understanding.	lets start educating each other about our different viewpoints and cultures.	there are americans leaving to fight in the middle east who may come back and use what they have learned.
Challenges of mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.	why are we trying to push btc mainstream ?	it is a process to develop that infrastructure and software and as a consquence those services are still a ways off, but not as far off as opening a jp morgan branch in every village.
Immortality and Reincarnation	c that we are closer to cracking the secret of immortality than i think.	you will be an alien toddler before you know it.
Responsibility for civilian casualties in conflicts involving Hamas.	hamas has no real choice other than to hide within the civilian population.	you do what it takes to win, or you lose.
Allied bombing missions during World War II.	bombing civilians was necessary to win the war.	given that the intent of many bombing missions was elimination of strategic resources, are you willing to moderate your position ?.
Limitations of scientific evidence and research studies.	anything not backed by scientific evidence or at least deemed possible or credible is ridiculed.	while stemcells could definitively provide us with many benefits, there is a grey area here that we are running into of  what is life/what life matters ?   it would be extremely callous to completely dissuade those arguing against stem cell research without considering that in their mind at least they are attempting to prevent torturous abuse of life.
Wedding industry and true love.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	look at it from a different point of view.
Parasites and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	our nation seems pretty healthy.
Misalignment of School and Financial Years with Calendar Years.	school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years.	in korea, for example, the year starts in march and ends in december.
Budget allocation for NASA and social benefits.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	you ca not necessarily fix problems with more money.
The benefits of taking time to make decisions.	when making a decision, taking long amounts of time to analyse and consider one is options is more beneficial than making a decision that is regretful.	indecision is just  i dunno.
Evolutionary Psychology of Physical Attraction.	beauty signals health, fertility, good genes, intellect, good decision making, and the subjective part of looks probably has something to do with traits that blend well with my own genes.	evolutionarily speaking, males of most species benefit most from mating with as many females as possible and expending the least amount of energy possible in raising the offspring.
Complexity of the American Legal System	i am not a fan of extreme simplification, but i think the american legal system has gotten out of hand in complexity.	but that does not quite work, does it ? what about motorized wheelchairs ? or segways ? or remote controlled toy cars and trucks ? what about the trolley that is run  by  the park to get people from the boat launch to the parking lot ? and what about that boat launch ? is it acceptable to bring a motorized vehicle into the park for the purposes of launching it into the public waterway ? too much ambiguity leaves too much room for argument, which is why the law is so complex.
Homophobia and peace.	you speak of peace yet not everyone has come to think well of homosexuals.	when homosexuals are not hated because  they are different , or religious people are not hated because  they are dangerous , or any of the on going stereotypes to be honest.
Athletic Ability in Summer Olympics	sports in the summer olympics take more athletic ability.	these are examples of imo very non boring sports that have stood the  test of time  as in, have been in the olympics for about a century.
Argument for Polygamy	polygamy: i am honestly not wholly sure what the argument against polygamy is, besides something about complications in the way tax systems are set up, which could be easily fixed i would imagine.	that alone would take years.
Exploitation of Potential Outside Public Education System.	so, a society has more to gain by exploiting their potential than that of the average student.	gifted students have already shown they are intellectuals and so have achieved what we want.
Misconceptions about Bitcoin's use in drug trafficking.	one of the biggest users of bitcoin was silk road, the drug trafficking organization in the us.	only a small fraction URL of all bitcoin transactions are related to the drug trade.
Thanksgiving meal preferences and tradition.	we keep lying to ourselves, while we fill up on everything but turkey.	you have set up a false dichotomy here between tradition and preferences.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	it increases the chances that i will purchase a product from the same producer, especially if the media is good.
Negative effects of online dating on self-perception and societal values.	finally, online dating has profoundly negative effects on people who are not desirable. i for one can say that online dating has altered to way i view my own race.	undesirable people might randomly wind up with desirable people more often without online dating, but it has never been very likely i am including money in desirability, of course.
Patents and Copyright as Property.	however, patents and copyright are not  property  in the sense that cars are.	generically that asset would be their property.
NBA's entertainment value vs. offering opportunities for shorter players.	while some, even the majority of, people will always prefer the nbas entertainment value, there is little to be lost by offering the vertically challenged a chance to strut their stuff.	you need enough participants to have a league, which means you need enough schools with enough interested players, and you do still need funding.
Microevolution and Macroevolution.	evolution occurs on small scales with species, but these species do not hold a common ancestor.	first of all, you have to understand that  microevolution  and  macroevolution  are not terms that are popular by scientists.
Obesity and Legislative Impact on Healthy Alternatives.	point being, obesity only runs rampant in the united states because legislature is not there to deflate the cost of healthy alternatives.	it does not distinguish muscle versus fat.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	and a plan b to  keep humans from going extinct  i think is a worthy cause.
Social contract and punishment for breaking it.	i believe that everyone of us that lives in a society has tacitly agreed to a social contract and to abide by the society is laws.	as such, the death penalty seems like the only way to remove the murderer from society and prevent him from threatening the safety of others.
Comparison of speeding and drunk driving laws.	also, the speeding law i described would actually be more just than drunk driving laws, because at least you know when you are speeding.	a basic principle of justice is that the punishment must fit the crime.
Selection of elites and lack of historical understanding.	these elites are not selected by the people, but are established based on certain merits.	instead we elect folks with limited time in office.
Popularity of summer Olympic sports.	summer olympic sports are more popular in general.	to me, both of them have their boring and exciting events.
Blurring of sci-fi/fantasy events with alternative lifestyle events.	sci fi/fantasy events are no longer particularly visually different from alternative lifestyle events, despite theoretically having little to do with that.	they might not stop all of the harassment instantly or even within a few years, but they are sending the message that harassing behavior is not welcomed.
Wedding ring expenses.	the idea that you should spend half or more of a yearly income on a wedding ring is the most disgusting financial advice i have ever heard.	i just got an engagement and wedding ring and i dropped between  and  months of income on it.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	your loved ones will experience pain if you died at  years old, but your children, grandchildren, and maybe great grandchildren will have lost something precious to them.
Referendum and Voting Rights for UK Residents and EU Citizens.	in my opinion, the referendum should be decided by all uk residents that is, eu citizens living in england, wales, scotland, and northern ireland.	the whole point of independence is wanting to take your own decisions.
Dangers of treating information as property and patent trolls.	treating information as property creates dangerous entities like patent trolls, which do not create anything but merely buy and sell information for profit.	copyright is indisputably property in at the very least the us and the eu.
The Purpose of Human Existence	we are machines made for fucking to make more machines.	if you are having a net negative experience then it could be that you are having a bad time right now, maybe you are  years old and in purgatory between youth and adulthood.
Police dogs and legal consequences.	police often order these large, high strung, attack trained animals to chase down, bite into, drag down, and maul on human beings.	why should a cop be given free reign to indiscriminately kill my german sheppard but if i kill his german sheppard, suddenly it is a felony ? because his german shepherd represents a lot of resources that you destroyed.
Economic progress and potential job loss.	If the policy is implemented, workers will have nowhere to go but to the unemployment line.	this is just an assertion, not even a theoretical argument provided to back it up.
Views on the sustainability of relationships and their endings.	there is no way a relationship between two people can last and the people in that relationship actually remain happy and content with the relationship and each other.	becoming a better person for the next victim of our own personality.
School liability waivers.	in my school, for example, in order to attend we have to sign waivers.	schools are not soapboxes.
Benefits of Appointing Active Bystanders in Schools	active bystanders also remove much of the burden from the school.	accordingly, the school should focus on changing culture rather than on punishing bullies.
Concentration of toxins.	once dissipated, the concentration of toxins is negligible.	it not up to you either it up to science.
Criticism of the US involvement in wars.	the last republican president started two wars that killed thousands of americans and hundreds of thousands of foreigners.	the democrats supported the war just as much a republicans URL and now that a democrat is commander in chief for his second term, it does not seem like the democrats really care to stop the war either.
Kant's Categorical Imperative and Atomicity in Actions.	but none of the maxims address the atomicity of the action why must not apply the categorical imperative to the action of telling a murderer where the children are ?	we discover them, and can use and misuse them, get them right or wrong; but they are entirely part of the stable structure of the world.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	it keeps traveling, until it hits a wall.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	it is safer in general for a man to walk alone after dark.
Basic human needs and Maslow's hierarchy.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	access to food, medicine, education in our world today is determined by  distribution.
Definition of a hero and terrorism.	but bravery does not a hero make.	finally there are different levels of heroism.
Negative impact of British colonization on India and beyond.	in countries like india, the very form of government, transportation system, schooling system, and many other indirect influence have their roots in british colonization.	connecting the world is nice sure but it is not worth the tens of millions of deaths, cultures destroyed, and countless areas destabilized.
The Selectivity of Love	love is not something you can throw around nilly willy.	they are likely going to be selective about their love, but there is no reason to limit that to two people.
The effects of mustard gas in warfare.	assume that mustard gas is only used on the battlefield and does not spread to other areas such as civilian areas.	in all but the light contact, mustard gas is a long and painful recovery, or a painful death.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	it can create a rift in a family if one uncle or cousin is invited but others arent.
Cost comparison of fast food and healthy food.	fast food is actually relatively expensive in comparison to healthy foods.	cooking is great both for your health and your budget but it require you to have enough room to cook, a decent amount of kitchen equipment, time and knowledge.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	you, locke, nozick and libertarians in general, try to reduce it to interactions between individuals.
Dieting and Exercise vs. Regulating Caloric Intake	i do not care about being right i care about losing weight, and i never wanna do yoga again !	we generally stop eating based on how full our stomach feels.
Gender identity and biological sex.	basically, i think that our mind whilst in a biological body that is structured a certain way is not  amale  or  female  in itself.	there might be a certain way the brain works in relation to what gender you are, but that is because you are biologically that gender.
Libertarian views on race and discrimination.	libertarians claim that the free market or  social pressure  will eventually lead to a post racial world.	the media and communities like reddit would destroy the reputation of those businesses.
The nature of morals and their subjectivity.	i do not think morals actually exist.	if you agree with my earlier statement that morals are a social construct, then you would face a social requirement to follow any morals that are accepted by your social group.
Conservative healthcare restrictions and preventable deaths.	conservatives wish to restrict my fellow americans  ability to access healthcare.	there is no way one group of policies could suffice for all of us.
"Piracy in the Music Industry"	the music industry has brought piracy on itself.	it would not be worth downloading crappy unorganised bits of music mixed with malware and viruses, or spend weeks trying to find something obscure.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	wizards would be faster.
Debate on Sizeism and Weight Judgement.	i think sizeism should not be a thing.	eat healthier.
Negative effects of vomiting on health.	i did not gain nor lose any weight doing this.	if you do not purge,  bad  food that tastes gpod will have more value to you as you ca not binge on it.
Controversy surrounding Arvo in a video game.	we all love lee even though he did something just as bad; we ca not judge arvo for what little we have seen of him especially in his state.	from the perspective of the characters, arvo is a known liar, clearly hostile, has tried to escape, and has tried to have your group killed.
The joy of getting married in a simple way.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	it can create a rift in a family if one uncle or cousin is invited but others arent.
Far-right extremism and its definition.	i believe fascist neo nazi groups, the kkk, the golden dawn or any religious extremist group like radical islamism all fall under the far right.	if someone advocated for gay rights in the s, under your law, they would probably be  stamped out.
Requirements for driving on public roads.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	the only exception are major highways which most cyclist do not feel  entitled  to ride on.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	it is nice to have breaks, and for them to feel like breaks, but that is not representative of most careers.
Handling emotional outbursts during a discussion.	the minute someone starts stomping their feet, uncontrollably swearing, crying, running away, or whatever no matter who is right and who is wrong the other is expected to drop their claim.	only for the immediate moment because the other person is overwhelmed with emotion and clearly needs a pause in the discussion.
Morality of the Second World War	the second world war can be seen as a black and white moral struggle against monstrously oppressive forces.	would the soviet union look the way it got without ww ? stalin killed more people than hitler and the estonians and latvians were just as annexed as the french.
Prevention of unhealthy habits.	a smoker working on preventing kids from lighting up is probably right, and even might have a deep insight on the matter.	smoking is a physical addiction, and he can hate smoking and want to stop while advising other not to.
Batman's branding and theme.	branding; that is why all of batman is gadgets are so heavily bat themed, and in the earlier versions of batman even had a bat prefix.	he is not profiting from using bat themed items in particular and is not selling anything.
Challenging the Link between Slavery and Black Household Poverty.	which would lead me to believe that the obvious argument of  slavery black households are forever impoverished  is a weak one.	it is lamenting that the changing general economic picture is making the effort for racial equality all the more difficult to achieve.
Superficiality in Dating and Social Settings	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	some online sites/apps like tinder and adultfriendfinder are not really dating sites, they are hookup sites that can lead to relationships.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	the right to life has nothing to do with education and healthcare.
Police aggression and abuse of power in America.	increasingly over the last decade the police in america have become more and more aggressive and abusive of their powers.	do you have any statistical evidence for this claim ? without any statistical evidence to back up your previous claim, this serves as nothing more than an example of the availability heuristic.
Prevention of unhealthy habits.	a smoker working on preventing kids from lighting up is probably right, and even might have a deep insight on the matter.	see, if someone recognizes would should be done, they would follow it themselves.
Charities and CEO Salaries.	many charities that you may donate to pay their employees and ceo is ridiculous salaries.	generally the work load is spread across a huge number of people, but let is assume that it would only be spread across hundreds/thousands of people.
Limitations of an all-powerful being.	if you have an answer to that question, that same answer could be translated to the universe.	and yet he can also break that wall, because an all powerful being can break the laws of logic.
The complexity and physical demands of baseball.	as for mental capacity, baseball is an extremely complex sport.	this is not mental capacity; this is athletic capacity.
Environmental impact of personal lifestyle choices.	or explain to me how replacing my light bulbs impacts oil subsidies or going vegetarian changes industrial farming practices.	going vegetarian or just eating a little less meat is one of the easiest and most effective things you can do starting right now.
Political activism through contacting representatives.	everyone on reddit here says,  email your senator and fill out complaints !	if you want to make any sort of change, then you need to assemble a group of people who share your views and share the views of this group with your representatives.
Is not having children a good decision?	not having child is objectively a great decision, economically, time wise, etc.	i am going to argue that it is not any less charitable to care for your own child than for anyone else.
Consent and Birth Conditions.	apparently, i consented to these conditions by being born.	but that is how our society has been set up.
Religious freedom and conformity.	there is not freedom to practice religious beliefs if you are required to adhere to any of the religious beliefs or rules of other religions.	trying to force atheism on others is no different or better than trying to force religion.
Feminism and Equality Advocacy.	i feel like we can all advocate for equality without having to blame a certain group or overgeneralize a whole gender.	that is what feminism means.
Importance of friendship in romantic relationships.	i also believe couples should also be friends.	it is  more common  to see people who share interests be in relationships, but that is more of a function of being around each other more often.
Driving regulations and traffic flow.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	occasionally, i am in front of a car that is ready to accelerate faster than i can and am, temporarily, impeding their way.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	it is not like dating sites made them shallow, it just allowed them be shallow more efficiently.
Organic farming and GMOs.	i would be most people who often buy organics are also against gmos, which means that organic farmers have to make environmental compromises in order to satisfy their customers.	you are probably right, but it seems to be that organic farmers are just as invested in the current definition as the consumers are.
Batman's Mass Assault on Bane and the Consequences	in dkr batman organizes a mass assault on bane, knowing the police are using guns, and bane is troops are using guns, which leads to a lot of deaths.	the batman can only kill out of absolute self defense or under the eye of others to prevent himself from being the next two face, rorschach, or ozymandias.
Amorality of Company Actions.	any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	you then trade that labor and skill to someone in exchance for something of value see fiat currencies , money in this case.
Opinion on the design of a fictional species.	you either like the joke of a musclepacked brainless horde of humanoid fungi screaming  waaaagghh  at the top of their lungs while driving on makeshift or stolen vehicles, or you do not.	there is no  objective  merit in their design comparable to the other species, named or unnamed.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	alec guinness was nominated because he was alec f in guinness.
Stress of falling behind in school or work.	if you miss a few days, you end up fighting an uphill battle which makes all of your work worse as you try to both catch up on missed assignments and keep up with incoming ones.	it is why teachers weight tests more than homework because it is done at the end, after you have had the opportunity to understand and learn.
Controversy surrounding Arvo in a video game.	we all love lee even though he did something just as bad; we ca not judge arvo for what little we have seen of him especially in his state.	the entire catalyst to his shitty situation was him putting clem is group in mortal danger based on a lie.
The ethics of punishing mentally ill criminals.	of course, i am assuming that the accused is mentally sound to make the choice of committing the crime.	what difference does that make to your arguments ? assuming your arguments are valid for sane persons, why would not they not also be true for insane persons ? they too violated the social contract, they too are a treat to society maybe even more so than the sane ones and them too we lock them up so why not just off them while we are at it ?.
Summary of "The Giving Tree" by Shel Silverstein	for those unfamiliar, a tree most likely signifying parents provides a boy with anything he needs until he takes everything the tree can give leaving only the stump.	and no moral or point to it ? am i missing something ?.
Evolutionary biology and love as a social construct.	true, but maybe that is because love itself is a social construct ?	love between  people is a social construct, but there is no reason that social construct could not be changed to include more.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	he is also incredibly mobile.
The discomfort of oral sex.	giving head is trading your discomfort for your lover is pleasure.	you might be the freakiest, most open minded person in the world: willing to do all sorts of sexual activities.
Refugee right of return and possible solutions.	I don't think refugees have the right of return.	several problems with this on a practical level.
Criticism of Winter Olympics Sports Variety.	the sports in the winter olympics are just plain old boring.	hockey, skiing and skating have been around for years.
Criticism of LGBTQ+ movement's focus on semantics.	because in my most humble opinion, the movement is running itself into the ground with semantics.	it could be either:   an umbrella term encompassing everybody who is not a cisgender straight individual.
Depression as a Motivator	all you are doing is numbing the pain of the real world.	i certainly think you should do what you can so far as improving your life goes, but plenty of people with depression are disadvantaged and unlikely to fix their issues, at least in the short term.
The Global Financial Crisis and Its Effects on Europe.	but the recession was, which most people ignore, global, and europe was hit the hardest.	 as a result, the financial crisis resulted in a vicious cycle: reduced economic activity meant that the government budget automatically went into deficit lower income means less tax revenue, while at the same time more unemployment payments had to be made.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	yet you will take this moral position that makes you look superior.
Gender equality and reproductive rights.	if women are given control over their reproductive system contraception she is able to control the balance of power much more.	if they still want to have sex, they can pay for contraception just like men have to pay for contraception.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	you bring a counterpoint to your own point but you do not debunk it.
The risks and roles of joining the US armed forces.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	the military is ultimately a service or a tool, if you will that carries out the will of those citizens who voted in those officials.
The unrealistic idea of living the "good life".	the good life is that im going to do all these drugs, blow my money, travel, have sex, get to know as many people as possible and die when i die.	it is not like these  live fast, die young  folks go out quietly.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	however, the definition does not specify a requirment for what consitutes wealth.
Government spending priorities.	i think govt should spend money on their own citizens and improve their quality of life than wars and supporting other countries.	saying  oh look, we have money to spend on wars but not on the children.
Wealth and Employment Status Affect Quality of Life.	an able bodied person who works is going to have more wealth and likely lead a better life than an able bodied person who does not.	under your definition, only actions that make money count as  contributing to society,  which simply is not the case.
Contextualizing the Founding Fathers' Progressiveness.	the founding fathers were all wealthy, educated, free white men.	to us they were hopelessly backward but in the context of the culture of their time, they were radically progressive.
Sexual orientation and dating preferences.	if you happen to go more for women than men, that would still render you bi.	not necessarily.
The use of grades as a measure of personality factors.	i understand that grades also can be used to measure certain personality factors conscientiousness, ability to follow instruction, adherence to procedural norms which all debatable might be as important as understanding the material.	grades measure all sorts of things, but they are intended to measure academic ability.
Disabling Ads and Payment Methods.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	acceptable ads are appropriate to the site that we are on.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	it could be an ex military guy that can outshoot every cop there.
Evaluation of Economic Policies	his recovery act almost single handedly saved the economy from a depression saving main street, and completing the unpopular tarp bill saved wall street.	and obama has clearly screwed up negotiating with them, such as in the  debt ceiling / sequestration insanity.
Abortion and American values.	so, if we take life through abortion, are not we defying everything americans stand for ?	the issue though, is, what does having a right to life even mean ? pro choice advocates might agree that a fetus is a person, and has a right to life, but that right to life does not entail that the fetus has a right to use somebody else is body w/o that somebody else is permission.
Misuse of downvoting on Reddit.	secondly, downvoting is not supposed to be an implement of disapproval at least, not on reddit .	can you not replace  wouldownvote  with  upvote  and argue essentially the same thing ? upvotes can be bandwagoning just as much as downvotes.
Abortion and American values.	so, if we take life through abortion, are not we defying everything americans stand for ?	it depends on what sort of life.
The value of existence and suffering.	if you do not exist as a living being, you cannot feel suffering.	why would we give up our lives so you could stop what you believe to be suffering ? non existence trumps existence.
Power dynamics in economic transactions.	the buyer consumer has all the power, because he is the one who comes into the transaction with money.	a buyer looking for water in the desert clearly is not in the same position of power as a pawn shop buying the family jewels of a struggling family.
Wealth and Employment Status Affect Quality of Life.	an able bodied person who works is going to have more wealth and likely lead a better life than an able bodied person who does not.	this can range from ranging children or working for charity to making good blog posts or taking care of your vegetable garden.
Bill Murray's cult following	so, what should i watch to convince me that i am wrong about bill murray, and he actually deserves his cult following ?	you do not have like everything, you do not have to like what other people do, you do not have  get it at all.
Disadvantages of having a child.	having a child is objectively a bad decision economically, time wise, etc.	by properly raising and caring for the child, the parent is giving us the next generation.
Gender roles and courting expectations.	therefore, the man has to  put in work  to get the girl, whereas the girl does not have to do any courting at all.	the expectation of a woman is to maintain their physical fitness and maximize attractiveness.
The chemical changes in the brain when becoming a parent.	when you become a parent, your brain chemistry changes and you biochemically become a completely different person.	you may be referring to mothers who finally have something exciting and worthwhile to do with their time and go overboard with facebook posts.
Government spending on war versus domestic needs.	usa spends huge money on war and donates to countries.	i think govt should spend money on their own citizens that war money is emergency use only.
Grandfather Paradoxes and Time Travel.	logical grandfather paradoxes were made up for drama and to relate people to the story.	the universe could oscillate between possible timelines for example.
Requirements for driving on public roads.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	can match most traffic flow and have licensing and insurance requirements, so they are okay.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	we are at their mercy.
The War on Christmas and Exclusion.	the most offensive part of the  war on christmas  is one group trying to exclude all others.	the small issue i take here is that we have a bit of subjectivity here.
Basic human needs and Maslow's hierarchy.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	if you recall, the constitution does not say that every man is entitled to his happiness.
The ethics of a sociopath in politics.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	a sociopath lacking these resources would have nothing holding him back from identifying  the nation  with whoever caught his fancy on that day.
Benefits of being overweight in social interactions.	i have found being overweight allows me to more quickly understand another person i am interacting with.	not that that is an important reason to stay overweight.
Wedding ring expenses.	the idea that you should spend half or more of a yearly income on a wedding ring is the most disgusting financial advice i have ever heard.	i have only heard   months of income and it usually refers to both rings.
Budget allocation for NASA and social benefits.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	we spend more per student than most countries, yet lag behind in results.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	the most important commodity of humanity is in fact not oil, it is metal ores, and their refined forms.
Prioritization and Counseling for Social Dysfunction.	in addition to that, power, respect and a fame of sorts are my priorities too.	you need to understand that if you really disregard people and stuff most other people care about life, family, tradition , and they discover you are this way, they will shut you out really fast.
Comparison of different academic subjects in the UK.	in the uk those who take media are often said to be doing a  soft  subject.	this appears to be closer to  communications  as a subject rather than english.
Debate on animals' desire for life.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	that said, it does not immediately follow that if animals have a will to live it is immoral to kill them.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	we would first have to prove or disprove god to start to tackle the meta god questions.
The value of atheism.	so what is the point of arguing and reading all these books about atheism ?	if you get your buddy to convert, that is a win.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	does giving a stuffed animal to a sick person at a hospital serve no purpose ? does giving someone a holiday card serve no purpose ? just because the purpose is based on emotions and feelings, does not make it unimportant.
"Piracy in the Music Industry"	the music industry has brought piracy on itself.	having the physical price decreased means nothing if the alternative is paying nothing at all.
Dangers of religion and ideology.	religion and ideology can cause normal people to do horrible things.	differing interpretations ? we have to learn that ideology can cause common people to do awful things.
Foreign policy and government services in the US.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	we ca not just shrivel up on ourselves and ignore the world.
Dangers of religion and ideology.	religion and ideology can cause normal people to do horrible things.	why can the latter seem to get by without butchering people, oppression, and kidnapping while the former seem hell bent on implementing their will ? maybe.
Libertarianism and Discrimination.	i tire of discussions of natural rights and how libertarians treat everyone with equality, because everyone is allowed to discriminate equally !	that does not mean libertarians allow racism in the form of violence and the use of force.
Criticism of feminism's impact on women's wellbeing.	the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	the substantial majority of households are headed by a male/female couple.
Challenges with societal gender norms and definitions.	the problem lies not within people  being born in the wrong skin , but within society is narrow definitions of men and women and of masculinity and femininity.	it is easy to see in how flexibly the phrases man/woman/male/female are.
Privilege and Oppression.	everything after  heterosexual white male  is supposed to make me oppressed, but i do not feel oppressed and i certainly do not feel privileged.	nobody thinks that.
The difficulty of impressing audiences in entertainment industry.	we can no longer shock, horrify, scare, or blow the minds off of audiences any more.	obviously he is not as big as the beatles but i do not think you can watch him for the first time and not have him blow your mind.
Improvement in quality of life, technology, and crime rate.	the quality of life is increasing, technology is improving, and crime is falling.	quality of life has only increased relative to the past.
Police protection gear	police can wear teflon vests and other armor to protect themselves.	gunshot wounds are  exceptionally  traumatic, and due to shock, bleeding and all kinds of complicating factors, a normally nonlethal shot like an arm shot can still cause death.
Resistance to change in technology and media consumption.	saying that videos have to maintain the old ways is borderline curmudgeonly.	because cmos camera sensors have a different number of horizontal vs.
The Effects of Video Games and Dangerous Sports on People	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	they seem disconnected from many aspects of social life and also seem quick to prove that they are smarter than the person with whom they are speaking.
Grindr hookup culture.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	do you think non religious straight people are significantly less promiscuous than gay people ? also, gay people are regular people.
Acknowledging the Existence of Horrible Black People.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	no black guy wants to live in poverty and struggle to live.
Wearing watches vs using smartphones for time telling.	most people already have switched from wearing watches to using their smartphones for time telling.	again, still have not shown that hr is  better  with this statement.
Definition of Universal Rights.	to clarify, i am defining a  right  as a guarantee of access to a commodity or state of being, without necessarily referring to a legal structure.	just because you reject natural rights as presented by philosophers like locke and hobbes, does not mean you reject moral rights as a whole.
The Flaws of Political Parties and Voting.	additionally, i often see that we are left with the choice of  dumb vs dumber  in elections.	the dumb and dumber effect is also squarely the fault of the voters.
Efficiency and Resource Usage Limitations.	in general we are becoming more efficient, and using less resources for the same tasks, as time progresses.	you can only repeat this cycle for so long before you have no option but to simply make things bigger and bigger.
Achievement and Taking Action	what would  wouldoing my best  achieve that i do not already have ?	there are monks who lived happier lives than the richest billionaires.
The value and enjoyment of magic tricks.	working out how the magic trick was done is half the fun for me and i think most people .	the primary worth of a magic trick is how initially tricked/baffled/mystified and  stumped  you are not how disappointed/pleased you are when/if you discover how the trick was done ! the secondary and not always required value of a magic trick is sustaining that illusion/mystery.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	that is a  hit rate.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	if only one person is expected to give up her identity and assume the other is, then that is not an equal partnership.
Overused tropes in popular culture.	every hackneyed zombie apocalypse fiction includes a pregnant woman and a baby.	so you are basing this off of fiction ? theft, murder, cannibalism, out the window, and often extremely unsavory but pragmatic decisions are made and lauded for being the good of the group.
Polygamy and Women's Rights in Past Societies	the end result as with most polygamous societies in the past is a small number of elite men hoarding all the women.	thirdly, i find it quite a stretch to say that this will start a war.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	even on a non close friend level, i would say that playing online with strangers is still damned good fun and can encourage all the same teamwork and strategy as any sport can.
Argument against reincarnation.	in broad terms, what is the most logical argument against the idea of reincarnation that you have heard or can come up with yourself ?	it is why we give meaning, when we should not, to coincidences and all manner of superstitions just go through this wiki list of cognitive biases ! URL the brain sees what it wants to see, and believes what it wants to believe in order  to preserve what it already believes.
Comparison of superhero film franchises.	hero is fine, shit happens to hero, hero saves day, the end.	i am going to be mainly focusing on the nolanbatman films and the marvel studios films, both of which are more critically well received than transformers, x men, and the amazing spider man for the same reason one should not discuss twilight or grown ups  when discussing the romance and comedy genres.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	women are still treated as secondary to a man is status.
The role and consequences of anger.	lastly nothing consequently good can come from anger.	here we see that anger is never really tied to good things URL but it still does has it is uses URL while seemingly seeing less danger is a bad thing, it can also be a good thing.
Sexual assault concerns for gay and straight men.	a gay man is not different than a straight man.	so if sexual assault is a legitimate concern to have of a straight man, then it is as legitimate a concern to have of a gay man.
Manipulation of power during times of war.	say that your country is in the middle of a war or something.	if the government can hide whatever it wants from the population because they  wouldo not need to know,  then you are not looking at a democracy, you are looking at a totalitarian dictatorship.
Beauty standards and body image.	is real beauty not being thin, even though you may happen to have a high metabolism or eat healthy foods ?	why do you feel offended when other people find self love and acceptance ? curvy is a shape, not a health diagnosis.
Travel options for coastal cities and limitations of cruises.	most large cities are on the coast and you are able to travel anywhere.	cruises are not valid for travel to all destinations.
The ethics of financial control in abusive relationships.	as long as an allowance, or a budgeted income, or financial control is not a tool being used to facilitate physical, emotional, or sexual abuse, then i do not believe those behaviors in and of themselves constitute abuse.	having no access to any finances really traps the person in this kind of situation.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	real woman come in all sizes and shapes.
Limitations on Freedom of Speech	as the first amendment only guarantees that the government shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech, the act of detaining those who exercise free speech is not explicitly illegal, and would fall under the category of a false arrest.	the reason for your assembly is irrelevant.
Blackface and Offense in Modern Times	being offended by someone who had painted is face black is dumb as the original issues with are not relevant nowadays.	there is more to  blackface  than just wearing makeup which is why most black people, myself included, did not find tropic thunder to be offensive at all.
Minimum wage and its impact on businesses.	furthermore, our businesses will be the most affected by the increase of the mw.	they will have to lay off more workers in order to compensate for their deficit just based off labor cost.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	adults who grew up with star wars and its influence had the whole  lucas raped my childhood  thing going on, but they kept forgetting that they themselves were much younger and less jaded when they enjoyed the original trilogy.
Concentration of toxins.	once dissipated, the concentration of toxins is negligible.	this is simply not true.
Regretting tattoos obtained at a retreat.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	but, it depends on your skin, usually.
The meaning of life.	i mean meaningless to the person who is doing the dying.	and then their descendants will die, on and on and on, until eventually the universe is destroyed or our galaxy collapses in an inevitable heat death even if everyone on earth died in an hour, the fact that you helped other people either by alleviating suffering or increasing happiness means that your life was meaningful.
Discussion on the concept of privacy.	but i just ca not see how being a bystander to the real crime being committed is a violation of privacy as well.	so, if someone breaks into a house and starts rummaging through things, they have violated that person is privacy, but if he leaves the door open, you can stop and peak in and their is no violation ? if i can find a way to see everything in your house, all your personal stuff, but i do not take anything, and you wo not really know about it, is it an invasion of privacy ? you generally respect my privacy because you understand that i might not want people seeing my stuff.
Israeli response to Gaza invasion.	the invasion is terrorism designed to kill civilians and scare gaza into subservience.	after thousands of rockets and the discovery of tunnels to that lead into israel with the sole goal of killing israelis what should israel do ? not at all like iraq.
Race and Libertarianism.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	i see your statement as a straw man argument that holds no weight within the libertarian intellectual community.
Impact of Ridesharing on Immigrant Taxi Drivers.	finally, ridesharing is taking jobs away from hard working immigrants who come to north america specifically to drive cabs.	as a result, of this, uber wo not ever put taxis out of business, regardless of what taxi drivers themselves say.
Evolutionary biology and love as a social construct.	true, but maybe that is because love itself is a social construct ?	as we started to grow wiser and form social constructs the idea of love came into play.
Refugee right of return and possible solutions.	I don't think refugees have the right of return.	the countries themselves do not want the palestinians as citizens you are in essense forcing demographic changes on numerous nations that will in tern have huge political and social implications to the new nation.
The effectiveness and potential bias of stop and frisk.	the whole purpose of the stop/frisk is to catch potential people in the act of a crime drugs, weapons, etc.	why does it matter that currently more black people are arrested for a certain crime ? we should continue raising those statistics by targeting them ? do you have any proof of black people using drugs more often than white people ? because this article proves the opposite.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	there are a lot of inconsistencies around the idea of the christian god, but a god in general is pretty easy to reconcile.
Lack of sympathy for a friend's risky behavior.	i would not feel bad for said friend because he took a risk with no possible reward , got screwed by someone who did not follow the rules, and my friend ended up paying for it.	i am not saying it is the great tragedy of our age, but you should at least be slightly conflicted by the fact that a young woman is most intimate photos were posted online forever against her will.
Obama's defense of Sony's cyber bullying of Kim Jong Un.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	it is not  bullying  at all.
Debate on the feasibility of ancap utopia.	the only difference between the ancap utopia and our own world is that, in the ancap society, everyone nearly homogeneously believes in ancap principles, asides from a few troublemakers.	so this might mean cheating on our taxes e.
Body positivity and self-improvement for women.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	i think these women should be praised and promoted.
Sexual desire and gender differences.	but, in general i believe that men at large are more desiring of sex.	actually, i have read a lot on how libido is supported in women from strength training because of the increase in free testosterone that is released as a part of the hormonal response to the physical stress brought on by resistance training.
Consequences of universal maxims.	by considering whether something ought to be a universal maxim, we are already considering the consequences of that thing being a universal law.	consequentialism takes y to be the net positive future state of the world.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	this does not mean they should be replaced by machines, but voting on the feel good visage someone you are inclined to ideologically support is not the same as endorsing the instrumentality that a specific set of policies or ideals can provide.
Religion's Influence on Creating a Secular Society	their history is too inextricably linked with religion to create a long term secular society.	no, this is wrong.
The importance of feminism in addressing abuse against women.	women choose whose genes get passed along almost completely.	neither for boys, come to that matter i want feminism because we perceive an artificial disadvantage to being a girl in a lot of fields.
The flaws of the electoral college system and local elections.	i think the electoral college system sucks balls.	a lot of these decisions are likely going to come down to a few votes.
Crime news and sensationalism in media.	I found that there have been more and more crime news in the society in recent years	this is to me most of the problem. you should not base your views on the things that get reported. news is largely turning into sensationalism.
Pharmacies and Vaccinations.	the shot is a big way for the pharmacies to make their money from a virus that is not even relevant.	URL that is not a trivial number of deaths.
The limitations of opinions and beliefs as social constructs.	if you are a fast learner and keep distance between your ego and your hypothesis, then the concept of opinion, or belief, is useless.	what would it be if it was not a social construct ? i am not sure how to change your view, because opinions and beliefs are not facts and thus must be constructed socially.
Morality and Bestiality	the thing about morality, is you may never change anyone is mind.	take bestiality, for example.
Summary of "The Giving Tree" by Shel Silverstein	for those unfamiliar, a tree most likely signifying parents provides a boy with anything he needs until he takes everything the tree can give leaving only the stump.	i am unfamiliar and surely there is a moral or change of heart at the end that you left out of your summary here.
Useless college majors.	you will constantly receive disdain from the people around you for doing a purportedly  useless  major.	nobody outside of college or reddit apparently cares what your major is.
Moral and ethical beliefs conflicting with responsibility ascription.	however, i have never been fully able to reconcile my moral and ethical beliefs with the way in which responsibility is ascribed.	it almost sounds like you are conflating/confusing morality with intelligence.
Gun control in the USA.	maybe there is a deterrence factor, but are not all these recent police shootings evidence that deterrence often fails with tragic results ?	almost anyone can acquire lethal firearms in the usa.
Radicalism and Blame in Feminism.	often the loudest voices recieve the most attention and usually those voices come from the mouths of radical people.	what you are saying here, is the equivalent of me rejecting christianity entirely, based on the actions of a select group.
Nazism and its impact on common people.	we don't have to have zero tolerance for nazis, there were a lot of moderate nazis.	we have to learn that ideology can cause common people to do awful things.
Minimum wage and tipping in service businesses.	i believe that enforcing a minimum wage for these type of service businesses would alleviate the issues we have with tipping.	most servers i know actually make more because of tips than they would at another job for the same amount of hours.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	many are about the couple and the bond/commitment that they are making together.
The Flaws of Political Parties and Voting.	additionally, i often see that we are left with the choice of  dumb vs dumber  in elections.	as a result we get politicians who are good at being cautious and good at being politicians rather than getting politicians who are good at being legislators.
The role and consequences of anger.	lastly nothing consequently good can come from anger.	also, i think its better for people to be angry on community websites like reddit.
Comparison between laptop and tablet.	using a laptop is just a less ergonomic experience.	editing files is also very comfortable to do with a laptop computer.
Comparison of intellectual merit between reading and watching.	reading something like  fifty shades of grey  is not intellectually superior to watching something like  hiroshima mon amour.	if someone goes around reading emily bronte, we think that this person is obviously smart, or at least studious.
Social anxiety and difficulty with romantic relationships.	i had no courage to even talk to a girl i had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.	but it is no different than a college fraternity, or an after school activity club, or the military, or competing in team sports, or anything else.
The limitations of ethical consumerism.	in practice, ethical consumerism is used as an excuse to abolish democratically implemented regulations, leaving huge questions the environment, workers rights, and the like to the will of a system that inherently values profit over superficial  ethics .	maybe  years ago it was niche, but there is strong consumer momentum growing, to the point that large, corporate businesses are getting involved now.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	therefore, for any given higher state of consciousness, anyone who can understand this paragraph has obtained it.
Comparison between laptop and tablet.	using a laptop is just a less ergonomic experience.	i can do this all day and get lots of work done.
Scottish independence and national debt.	an argument i have heard is that if uk are not willing to share the , then scotland is under no moral obligation to pay back the debts.	first, it should be  sharing.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	any small steering adjustment you make at this point is going to have a large change in the angle of the car.
Parity in American sports leagues.	true parity, if achieved, would mean that every team is a middle of the pack team.	 just two years earlier.
Spanking as a consequence for young children's actions.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	if spanking is meant to deter behavior, than a beating must be the best deterrent of all ! all you end up doing is teaching a child that physical punishment is how you stop people from doing things you do not like.
Distracted driving and communication barriers.	not being able to call for help if their car breaks down.	sound is not required to notice emergency vehicles.
Accessibility to basic human needs.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	what minimum standard should we set ? competition is necessary, and is not the opposite of cooperation, even though it may sound like it.
Severity of punishment for unintentional wrongdoings.	If a person does something wrong unintentionally, he should not be punished very severely	how many people would the angry road rage driver kill  accidentally  before you think about limiting his freedoms ? accidental death is when you are driving the speed limit, you are in your own lane minding your own business, and someone runs out in front of you.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	because they do not know where he is, they are unlikely to have armed response squads near him in the event of an attack, and he could easily imperio any such squads and tell them to rampage and slay people en masse.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	not only are we using more energy, there are more of us using consuming energy.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	your teachers do not get a break on weekends, they need to grade the  entire class is  homework from the previous week as well as design lesson is for the next week.
Controversy over abortion and fetal viability.	i watched a girl i worked with drink and smoke her way to a miscarriage when she had twins and then have an abortion.	if you do not care about it, what right do you have to force someone else to ? second, what impact does the presence or absence of this life have on you ? if none, then why should it be any of your business what happens ? that sort of thing needs to land people in jail even more so than regular disregard for developing life.
Musical talent comparison between Page and Peart.	no one picks up a guitar and shreds solos like page.	peart is one of the most highly regarded drummers in the world.
Critique of Capitalism and its Alternatives.	the exploitation of the working class, the environment, and the like, in the pursuit of profit, then, is an assault against all of humanity.	for all the death they have caused not a single communist country successfully produced the utopia which was promised, or even standards of living on par with capitalist countries and this was made very obvious in  .
Issues with lack of game criticism in online content creation.	the problem i have, though, most of the time, the uploader is just talking about their day or sopmething that happened in the game, never criticizing or commenting on the games.	others have addressed it, but other mediums when reviewing, lampooning, or otherwise making commentary about the game are all using another person is original content, to some extent or another, to make their works and thus earn money.
Civilian casualties in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.	israel cannot justify the massive civilian death toll as countering the palestinian resistance is measures of last resort.	they have to weigh the death of palestinian citizens against their own civilian is trauma and death.
Improving file organization and navigation on desktops.	far more useful, imho, would be something like a better implemented version of those osx springy things in the dock a popup always on top file browser window toggled on or off with a button in the dock/startbar/etc, defaulting to your documents folder.	it really goes  desktop ui    computer   hard drive   profile   desktop files   it is not as though people run applications un maximized, so there is this tedious business of minimizing everything just to get to the desktop content yes, when you have stuff open on a physical desk, you must clear it off to see the physical desk.
Stress of falling behind in school or work.	if you miss a few days, you end up fighting an uphill battle which makes all of your work worse as you try to both catch up on missed assignments and keep up with incoming ones.	i have never had this stress.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	a person who donantes $ dollars to a campaign is just as guilty of this as someone who donates $,.
Discussion on the concept of privacy.	but i just ca not see how being a bystander to the real crime being committed is a violation of privacy as well.	just because the pics are available to the public does not mean i do not want my privacy respected anymore.
Comparison of geometric shapes.	there is no doubt in my mind: the triangle wins.	the world is not that simple.
Property rights and regulation.	also, who could forget the absolute travesty that was blackwater ?	this specific example is particularly bad because its a  government financed industry.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	everyone can grow throughout their lifetime, and they will if they are taught to grow, learn, and enjoy education.
Discussion on the feasibility of battery-powered vehicles.	many vehicles simply demand too much energy to be battery powered construction, military, freight, etc.	you failed to articulate a reason against mass production.
Types of atheism and their beliefs.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	the difference seems minor, but it makes all the difference in its implications.
Eating meat and ethical considerations.	you may as well either go back to eating meat, or go all the way and become vegan.	every meal i do not eat meat/dairy reduces the total amount of cruelty inflicted on animals.
Welfare and Benefits Reform	if welfare were to be rapidly dismantled, i believe the us would be in a worse state.	no, i think it may be a possibility.
Monogamy and ethical considerations in relationships.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	if you have an open relationship, there is no cheating.
The accuracy of education research in academia.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	if historical research is not worth it in sociology, economics, etc , then i see no reason to do historical research in areas such as biology or geology.
Sexual Orientation and Labels	sexual orientation: i believe in the three terms for sexual orientation, but i do not see any reason to have a graph or a scale, there is no reason to put someone for instance inbetween straight and gay.	trans people exist although not as numerous as swj is who claim they are trans for political reason i would argue  of these are categorical and not a spectrum, and that gender expression is also retarded, but your factually incorrect on a few issues here.
Middle East and colonization.	i think we need to basically recolonize the middle east.	the middle east is not one monolithic block that decides to be one thing or the other.
Causes of crime in society.	i would claim that all crime stems from societal, cultural or personal problems.	does this apply to white collar crimes or state crimes ? people throughout history who have commit the most abhorrent crimes did so with power, wealth and with complete sound of mind.
Pacifism as an Approach to Dealing with Terrorism.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	successive governments tried to quell it militarily: sometimes they were even successful, for a time.
Morality as a Product of Atoms and Society.	we are ultimately just piles of atoms that have assembled themselves into semi self aware regions of influence.	in modern, man, much of this reinforcement is handled by the dopamine reward system URL unfettered self preservation, however, can be detrimental to the survival of species, as behaviors like the infanticide done by lions URL so, in a competitive environment, a species with a means for balancing self preservation with group survival would win out.
Student fundraising for charity.	get a job, donate some of the money.	i will say the same thing here that i do to people who complain about the als ice bucket challenge: yes, it is silly.
Motivation and Mental Health Challenges.	every day users are more likely on average to lose motivation and become content with short term stimulus compared to achieving long term goals.	i have a friend who suffered from chronic depression and insomnia.
Real names and consequences for online behavior.	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	just because someone does not want a view linked to their name, does not mean that view is  bad.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	death is inevitable.
Homelessness and Nationalism.	homelessness, try being homeless in a country where if you are homeless you have to live through fucking cold high mountain winters.	i think a big driver behind your view is that many us americans are brought up to think their country is the best, and not thinking so is antipatriotic and therefore a second class citizen.
Monopoly's lack of skill and excessive randomness.	games full of randomness are too boring. like many american kids, i was often forced throughout my childhood to participate in  monopoly  games with my family.	snakes and ladders and the card game  war  are purely random so are great for small children to play with adults.
Casualties and conflict in Palestine and Israel.	by simply looking at the numbers of casualties on both sides, the casualties on the side of the palistinians massively outnumber the ones on the isrealian side.	if this was truly a genocide then why did israel agree to a cease fire agreement before the majority of the fighting had happened while hamas did not ? why does israel have such a powerful and sophisticated military with the u.
Flaws of a non-democratic system.	the  people  in such a system no longer have the power, which is what a democracy is supposed to be.	what if, instead of electing a government you elected the individuals ministers and head of department ? as well as an overall prime minister/president of course.
Homophobia and peace.	you speak of peace yet not everyone has come to think well of homosexuals.	i do not mean for them to understand how i feel when i have experienced something they have not, but rather that not everyone is mentality is the same.
Body image and beauty standards.	what i do not support is companies saying that real beauty is being round and curvy when in actuality, that may not be very healthy and should not be settled for.	you are lumping everything together.
Comparison of rap lyrics to other genres.	there are plenty of examples given from rappers who are very conscious and clever, but even those hardly ever say anything i feel holds a candle to good lyrics from other genres.	for example, the lyrics in tupac is music is much more profound and meaningful if you are someone who grew up in the hood and have seen people you know and care about have their lives damaged or destroyed by gang violence, drugs, or abuse, or have ever been discriminated agains because of the color or your skin or your socioeconomic status.
Criticism of computer-edited music genres.	also, the computer fixed vocals and edited instruments just does not make these people any more like able.	is exactly what every person who does not listen to rap says.
Equality and freedom of choice in societal roles.	i believe that having different or inequal roles in society are ok if the people participating in those roles are not bothered by it.	it seems like you are defining inequality as the freedom to choose whichever role you would like.
Soldiers opposing fascism in a different time.	the soldiers who gave their lives in that conflict can legitimately be seen as laying their lives down to oppose fascism and protect some basic institutions of human freedom.	it was a different time, to be sure.
Prevention of unhealthy habits.	a smoker working on preventing kids from lighting up is probably right, and even might have a deep insight on the matter.	if a gambler tells me to invest instead of blowing my money on the tables, he is probably right.
Police shooting of Michael Brown.	michael brown was selected at random by the officer.	when you single out someone from a group at random and then murder that individual because they failed to show you proper respect that meets my idea of a lynching.
Comparison of different academic subjects in the UK.	in the uk those who take media are often said to be doing a  soft  subject.	english lit does not  necessarily  care about the contemporary impact of a specific work which appears to be a requirement of analyzing something from the media studies perspective.
Societal expectations and objectification of women's bodies.	on a certain level, is not everyone selling their body ?	porn affords many women the ability to live a life of relative luxury.
Racial insensitivity towards black people.	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	you can sympathise, but you cannot actually  fully  understand those experiences of racism without having experienced it yourself.
The limitations of commitment in marriage.	no one can make a commitment that lasts forever, no matter how much people fool themselves that that is what marriage is.	as someone who is historically had as many as  significant others simultaneously, this is not necessarily the case.
Traffic control in the city with tolls.	the road with the highest traffic in my city is the massive interstate leading into the city.	one way this city was able to control the traffic was to set up tolls.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	in the real world, it is more that you are expected to get it right.
Government spending priorities.	i think govt should spend money on their own citizens and improve their quality of life than wars and supporting other countries.	for another, we need both an education system and a functioning military.
Misuse of Feminism and Gender Equality	i watch someone misuse the term feminism imo.	it is not merely about number of females but whether they are represented in a way which satisfy the above quote.
Criticism of computer-edited music genres.	also, the computer fixed vocals and edited instruments just does not make these people any more like able.	if anything, rap probably has some of the deepest most thought provoking songs out of any genre.
The limitations of ethical consumerism in addressing climate change.	whether or not florida is sunk by rising sea levels is not a triviality that should be left to making sure you buy the right soy sauce.	in practice, this means that ethical consumerism is, at best, a mostly irrelevant niche market, a lonely island in a sea of unethical behavior.
The value of existence and suffering.	if you do not exist as a living being, you cannot feel suffering.	i quite enjoy life, as do millions if not billions of others.
Economics and Leftism.	leftist culture demonizes capitalism, which is the mechanism by which one attains material security in our society.	further, when the banks were too big to fail, us leaders again yielded to their donors, bailed them out and left them as is, rather than break the monopolies into smaller pieces that could compete and fail/succeed individually without hurting the economy.
Advantages of Triangular Sandwich Slices.	the triangular slice is always superior to the rectangular slice.	some sandwiches have a lot of stuffing and so smaller size bread would make it disproportionately taller than wider at the base and so risk tipping over and falling apart.
Malware and Free AV Software	i am starting to feel like the programs are becoming more and more malware like every day.	and free av can protect you from it.
The nature of amoral behavior and social contracts.	and what we think is  amoral  is actually just a social contract.	that is called moral relativism; and you just defined morals: a bunch of things we say are okay and not okay based on the benefits to society.
Sexual promiscuity and its association with love.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	in czech republic, there is a whole week of cultural, sporting, hiv awareness and other events URL before the parade itself.
Difficulty of learning various subjects.	there are no difficult subjects to learn.	math and science are both subjects that you have to actually work for.
Organ donation and religious beliefs.	i am only aware of one reason that would prevent some one from being an organ donor, and that is religious.	i certainly would not want to deliberately punish non donors  potentially with death  simply because they do not feel right giving.
Intellectual Property Rights and Cultural Differences.	however, patents and copyright are not  property  in the sense that cars are.	whether you are talking about the sale of widgets or cattle or land or movies, it is the same principle, you are selling a government granted, government enforced  bundle of rights  to some tangible or intangible asset in exchange for some other government granted, government enforced asset.
Inequality and its impacts on society.	why should i care if someone else is making more money than i am ?	aside from jealousy, what reason is there to want to reduce inequality ? it is easy to say that if you are middle class.
Distrust in politicians and the desire for honesty in voting.	i only want to vote for someone who i could reasonably expect to be honest and trustworthy.	i am assuming you are young, apathetic and uninformed, so please ignore the equally uninformed  every politician is the same  folks that will come out to validate your apathy.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	or a little girl walking across the street.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	you will find multiple ideas in exploring existence and they might all be correct.
Income inequality and poverty alleviation.	if there are adequate systems for poor people to escape poverty such as education then there is nothing wrong with a broad income spectrum.	finally, inequality harms everyone in a country, even the rich.
Rules against stereotyping and attacking groups based on beliefs.	rules against attacking groups defined by belief.	this is often defined specifically in their texts.
Monogamy and Sexual Attraction.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	an exclusive relationship does not mean not wanting to fuck other people, it means not acting on those desires.
Limitations of Science and Belief in a Creator.	there is a lot that we know about the world because of science, but we cannot say for sure that we know everything about our own existence.	what do you consider pushing atheist beliefs ? is demanding that evolution and the big bang be taught in school over genesis pushing our beliefs ? is complaining about religious propaganda being displayed on public buildings pushing our beliefs ? if having the gall to ask for proof of ones theistic beliefs, pushing our own ? i do not think so in any of these examples.
Evidence for an intelligent designer creating the universe.	bb says: at some moment, all matter in the universe was contained in one single point.	yes, except it did not mark the beginning of the universe, but merely the beginning of the present state of our universe.
Moral superiority in international relations.	i often hear people say stuff like  we should not stoop to their level , or  we are better than that , or  let is be the bigger man here , when one nation is unjustly hostile to another, or does not behave unfairly.	thus, liberalism has an uphill battle, and it is only allies are  education  and the high death rate of elderly conservative people in certain nations.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	huge challenge to complete against massive competitors such as comcast or time warner.
Grading in Maths and Science.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	you can get a few points for setting up the equation, a few for solving it, a few for getting the right answer, and a few for having all the work neatly and in the correct form.
Efficient boarding process at airports.	passengers should be required to self sort prior to having their tickets scanned.	luggage and freight need to be loaded into the cargo hold, the plane needs cleaned and refuelled, there might be engineering inspections, meals and drinks may need resupplied, and so on.
Abortion and Fetal Rights.	which should not be valid because youre killing another body. which should have rights.	lets say that the fetus should have rights.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	why would mars be any different ? how so ? and even if that was the case, the quality of the teachers do not necessarily improve the education received by the young.
Religion's Influence on Creating a Secular Society	their history is too inextricably linked with religion to create a long term secular society.	the west has had a much more violent religious history than the middle east.
Feminism's Impact on Women's Happiness.	the view i would like to be challenged is this: the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	however, despite the temptation to suggest that fire fighters are the cause of the damage to property or loss of life as one might initially assume, it is rather that another factor the size of the fire is the confounding variable for determining the amount of damage to property or loss of life.
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	it is not her responsibility to act in a way that makes mindless zombies behave, because we do not believe people are mindless zombies.
Misunderstanding about desktop and computer relationship.	my desktop contains my computer, which contains my hard drive, which contains my profile, which contains my desktop.	your desktop may or may not feature a shortcut to the overview of your computer.
Acting roles and talent requirements in Hollywood.	anyone with even a modicum of talent on guitar or drums can play green day songs.	there are degrees of complexity in music and you did say most, so i grant you that , but then, not everyone is into complex music.
Nazism and its impact on common people.	we don't have to have zero tolerance for nazis, there were a lot of moderate nazis.	that the  nordic/aryan race  was superior.
Police protection gear	police can wear teflon vests and other armor to protect themselves.	you do not have to be an expert marksman to put a bullet in someone from  yards.
Disadvantages of having a child.	having a child is objectively a bad decision economically, time wise, etc.	after i felt like i did my bucket list, saw the world, worked for charity, etc i finally considered parenthood as one last big adventure i had not yet experienced.
Realism of Bruce Wayne as a character.	and gives off the impression that bruce wayne is a real person and not just a persona.	bruce wayne  is  a real person to an extent, even in other works.
Moving large objects or heavy lifting.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	just because they are not carrying a  massive load  right now, does not mean they are not being used elsewhere to carry things.
Impact of British colonization on India and global connectivity.	in countries like india, the very form of government, transportation system, schooling system, and many other indirect influence have their roots in british colonization.	as per /u/viralmysteries: URL   the education system under the rule of akbar adopted an inclusive approach with the monarch favoring additional courses: medicine, agriculture, geography, and even from texts from other languages and religions, such as patanjali is work in sanskrit.
The Purpose and Design of Tests.	i think the purpose of a test is to approximate your ability to understand the material that test is over.	it is been observed that performance at the university level corresponds better to standardized test scores than to high school gpa, so it is helpful to have a grade that is not a vague amalgamation of different factors.
Comparison of speeding and drunk driving laws.	also, the speeding law i described would actually be more just than drunk driving laws, because at least you know when you are speeding.	the law is intended to keep people from driving drunk, and puts a reasonable definition on what is considered drunk.
Corporate liability for death and officer bans.	death: any and all officers active at the time of the incident are permanently banned from participating in that corporation.	if i were arrested, any and all people i employed might get laid off due to my legal issues even though they had nothing to do with why i was arrested.
Challenges of Law Enforcement and Professional Standards.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	URL while basically failing to do any kind of due diligence that would be expected for such a show of force.
Media portrayal of criminals vs average citizens during difficult times.	but why are the cases that are most blasted over the media only focused on thugs ?	generally, in high profile cases where the state has done something wrong, the state engages in a character assassination campaign, which is usually successful, because most people are not saints, and have plenty of places where their character is flawed.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	other than not having sex, or not having the necessary equipment, you can still become pregnant.
Soldiers opposing fascism in a different time.	the soldiers who gave their lives in that conflict can legitimately be seen as laying their lives down to oppose fascism and protect some basic institutions of human freedom.	it opposed aristocrats to, albeit imperialistic,  democrats.
Relationships and Cheating	failed relationships and cheating is just way too prevalent to be coincidental.	we are in a comparatively crowded world, in something more like captivity than free range.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	i think his track record with trek is a strong indication that he can do that.
Poor quality of debate among friends can harm relationships.	the quality of the debate you have with your friends at a dinner table is likely to be much, much poorer than a debate by experts.	that said, i have had a number of discussions/debates with family members and friends on the subjects and our opinions and views have been changed a number of times.
Dealing with a friend's personal problems.	i think her problems are due to her own issues, and its unreasonable for her to drag me into her own problems.	if you really cared about racism and homophobia, would it take too much time out of your day to go on your cousin is social media and check ? in fact, if you really wanted to consider your sister is point of view, as a gay person and as your sister, could not you simply ask her to show you where he is made the remarks that offended her ? it seems that offensive comments about your friend bother you, but your sister is feelings, and the potential veracity of her claims, do not.
Argument for Polygamy	polygamy: i am honestly not wholly sure what the argument against polygamy is, besides something about complications in the way tax systems are set up, which could be easily fixed i would imagine.	why must we make all these decisions almost certainly incorrectly on behalf of people who do not seem to really want it ?.
The benefits of taking time to make decisions.	when making a decision, taking long amounts of time to analyse and consider one is options is more beneficial than making a decision that is regretful.	then there are the times it will get you killed, or injured.
The Importance of Controversial Speech in Cultural Development.	speech that may seem unfit for public consumption is often the type that is needed the most for cultural development.	what seemed shocking or offensive in those days is now the social norm.
The role and consequences of anger.	lastly nothing consequently good can come from anger.	back when we were living in caves, smelling our fingers, anger was used when we came across a large animal, such as a bear.
Monitoring and regulating illegal online activity.	no human sees any images or communication that is not illegal except in cases of false positive.	humans can only cover some much data, so they have to focus on prime sources apply algorithms.
Driving regulations and traffic flow.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	i can, but very little compared to a car.
Beauty standards for women.	and places value in the superficial that is completely irrelevant.	why do you get to determine what is relevant ? miss america is  optional.
The effectiveness of self-preservation in conflicts.	i think that self preservation of one is life will trump all of these reasons.	if every rapist was a potential candidate for the chair/needle, they would be more likely to murder their victims in order to delay or prevent getting caught.
The ethics of a sociopath in politics.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	there are all sorts of nutty things someone who truly had no moral compass might assume were  good , even if he were faithfully trying to serve the nation.
Racism and Cultural Appropriation.	c more and more people are acting blacker.	unless you are black, you wo not fully be able to understand or know what black culture is.
Corporate personhood and limitations.	the rights and responsibilities belonging to people were extended to corporations.	since corporations are still treated differently than people this completely refutes your conclusion that people should be entitled to the same rights and responsibilities.
AI's potential to destroy humanity.	ai destroying humanity would require some semblance of sentience and evolution past the originally programmed purpose.	but what makes you think an ai will struggle with creating more complex versions of itself ?.
Myth of European tolerance.	that european culture promotes tolerance is by far the most pervasive european myth.	in the course of creating modern nation states, europe developed a culture of savagery and a technology of violence which enabled it to conquer the world, and as it conquered the world it attempted to impose nation state systems wherever it went, also artificial and violent.
The existence of supernatural beings and their paradoxes.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	the all powerful being can simply decide to never destroy a certain wall and to never know the contents of a certain box.
The rationality of betting on God's existence.	betting on there being a god is the smart decision because there might be a pay off, while atheism has no reward.	if there was a cash prize for believing  , you might argue that everyone should just believe   is  for the money you would otherwise not get by believing  .
Misuse of sarcasm as a response to criticism.	i realize that the  so edgy  response if often made half jokingly, which is completely fine.	i do not think anyone is under the delusion that  so edgy  is a meaningful addition to the discussion.
Comparison between vans and pickup trucks for moving.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	they may also be convenient for many small loads, as it is easy to just throw things in the back without having to even drop the tailgate.
The Complexity of Racism.	racism stems from negative stereotypes that are trumped up and oppress a people in a certain group.	you might say  but the individual today had nothing to do with it !   which could be true, but for native americans they might still deeply feel that loss.
Moral superiority in international relations.	i often hear people say stuff like  we should not stoop to their level , or  we are better than that , or  let is be the bigger man here , when one nation is unjustly hostile to another, or does not behave unfairly.	would you rather have an immoral country with power, or a moral country with power ? you see it for what it is because of your freedom of thought and expression.
The War on Christmas and Exclusion.	the most offensive part of the  war on christmas  is one group trying to exclude all others.	as an example unrelated to holidays, let is consider that some blacks prefer to be called  black  and others prefer  african american.
Musical talent comparison between Page and Peart.	no one picks up a guitar and shreds solos like page.	peart does not want to be the front man of the band, he hates the trappings of fame, doing interviews and all that jazz.
Tattoos and societal norms.	if you placing tattoos in that area, you are sending a message to society, whether you intend to or not.	tattoos are an art form, and people like to showcase them.
Benefits of marriage.	aside from financial benefits, i fail to see how marriage really helps a relationship.	marriage has a whole slew of legal benefits.
Anime and its Historical Context.	i ca not stand most of the characters.	the animation of anime is such that it is low budget and every frame and character outline is re usable, with minor changes in hair color, clothing etc.
Advocating for Marriage Equality at Weddings	i would not petition people to join my favorite political or social cause at my wedding.	so why on earth would someone consider it appropriate to do so with this particular cause ? harsher penalties for rapists and pro choice legislation make no sense within the context of that particular ritual, but marriage equality is intimately related to the ritual of marriage as it is performed in the us.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	you wo not know what you did for others, but they will know what you did for them.
Inequality and Social Mobility.	i do not believe that people should benefit simply by being born into a beneficial situation.	why do not you do what buffett did and give them $, enable them to do anything but not do nothing and slowly give them more money responsibilities to see how they handle it while you are alive ?.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	also, if you want to talk to someone why talk to them by phone ? why not just floo to them ? because quills are superior in many aspects, such as variety of inks they can use, flexibility, smoothness of stroke.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	if you are the only one doing work of any kind, you might have a point.
Media Bias and Fabrication of Events.	when media outlets have nothing better to do than say a reporter was inconvenienced by police i. e.	for not following directions and putting themselves in harms way then that is fabricating an event.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	who do you think grew your food, delivered your clothes to that store, regulated the food industry to make sure we do not eat people parts anymore eww ? who writes the software for all these computers ? who are the journalists, the teachers, police officers, politicians ? do you really think that the weight of nations is carried by a few ? i do not think so.
Scottish referendum and UK's lack of involvement.	the current referendum was approved by the scottish parliament.	the rest of the uk has not had a say so far, not really.
The morality of sacrifice and human flaws.	the proported act of sacrifice is morally wrong   no sacrifice to a deity could be considered moral in any circumstance.	if that which is imperfect is flawed, a series of imperfections in my character suggests that i am flawed.
The quality of humor in comic strips.	the comic is comedy or sentimental value is also objectively low.	no, that just makes you young and a bit shallow.
Gender roles and courting expectations.	therefore, the man has to  put in work  to get the girl, whereas the girl does not have to do any courting at all.	take a look at any modern magazine targeted at women and you will see that most of the content revolves around attracting and pleasing men.
Police brutality and lynching.	the purpose of lynching is to terrorize a minority community.	however, i feel pretty confident, that even if the cop is found to have used excessive force, and that the shooting was unjustified, it still would not have met the proposed criteria for a lynching.
Misrepresentation of Feminism on Social Media	the behavior of some supposed feminists, however, often in online formats such as twitter, is antithetical to feminisms goals, is awful pr, and is simply not okay.	individuals do not act  in the name of  feminism or homosexuality or african americans or any other  ism.
The expectation of donating in richer circles.	lastly, i will put forth what i think is a better way of deciding whom to call generous and whom to not.	if excess wealth is so meaningless and valueless to a wealthy person as you say, then  time  is what that person will value more.
Animal suffering and demand for meat.	given how economies work, demand for meat directly results in animal suffering.	capitalist systems can happily support the prioritisation of supply to meet a demand for ethically sourced meat.
Government regulation on family size.	i have never understood how the government can justify legislation on how many people you can legally have in your family.	having more than two people making decisions for a child can complicate things, as often happens with divorced couples that have shared custody.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	to restructure your semantic point  if something exists, you ca not disprove it is existence.
Comparison between beer and wine.	there are more things you can vary with beer than you can with wine.	but let is go deeper.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	yes it does happen, but the majority are stupid people being careless and swinging by planned parenthood for a plan b.
Malware and Free AV Software	i am starting to feel like the programs are becoming more and more malware like every day.	free anti virus software can save consumers across the globe millions if not billions in damages accrued by repairing and preventing infections.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	that said, the unfortunate truth is feminism either has a bad pr problem or it is becoming a radicalized shell of its former self.
Unselfishness in Embracing Partner's Sexual Desires.	the ability to embrace your partners acts of desire is the truly unselfish act.	and even though we know contraception means we wo not raise another one is offspring, we still ca not turn off this emotional reaction.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	i can see it mostly being a major warning sign/red flag that something bad is going on here.
Controversy over Michael Brown's character.	i get pissed off that people think michael brown is still a saint after the video of him robbing the store was released.	you literally wrote down dialog of what you thought he might have said or done.
The concept of desktop user interface.	what is that supposed to be a visual metaphor for, for pete is sake ?	your desktop may or may not feature a shortcut to the overview of your computer.
Biological basis of sex determination.	sex is solely determined by the sex chromosome, and there is not anything else to it.	and even if we ignore that, if we really do decide that the genes are the  only  determining factor and that xy is man and xx is woman, then what about people who have neither of those combinations ? so the situation is clearly more complex than just man or woman which is determined by genes alone.
Political spectrum and movements.	a fascist with a libertarian, both are apparently right wing.	but when you are comparing  contemporary ideologies , it is a useful distinguisher.
Wedding industry and true love.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	you and your partner want to play a video game.
Choosing to Keep or Change Last Name After Marriage	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	does it not seem unfair that specifically wives are socially expected to change something as personal as their name ? in continuing the tradition, you are kind of accepting this as an okay thing for people to expect of women.
Value of critical thinking and philosophy in society.	over the course of time, a society that values critical thinking and philosophical thought as much as quantitative and linear thought would be a society that would evolve quicker and more efficiently with considerably less conflict and arbitrary systems of control.	conformity is what you are seeking, conformity with your personal views.
Death penalty and justice system.	i do not believe law abiding citizens should die so a convicted offender can prolong his or her life.	withholding medical treatment can cause serious complications will extend into their post jail life.
The importance of secrets and thoughts in people's lives.	i personally have sworn off secrets in my life, but i know many people do not want to.	you would be outraged, because it is none of there damn business.
Rights and Restrictions on Human Movement and Control.	i do not see how one of group of humans has the right to restrict another human is movement and intimately control their life.	even exile is a form of violence, even if it appears to you less forceful than that of incarceration.
Travel options and costs for coastal cities in Alaska.	most large cities are on the coast and you are able to travel anywhere.	it is also much faster which gives me more time to do things in alaska per vacation day i take.
Plurals and language rules.	second, a lot of those words do not actually end in   i  in their original languages.	so what is the logic behind saying octopi ? there is no logic, but languages do not evolve logically.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	i mostly agree on this for trek, but i see no reason to assume that the new sw movie will be the same because the original sw trilogy was also glossy and shallow.
Affordability of professional sports entertainment.	if you want sports entertainment you should go pay professional sports entertainment.	people are not going to stop being fans of college sports because college sports are deeply integrated into sports.
Unselfishness in Embracing Partner's Sexual Desires.	the ability to embrace your partners acts of desire is the truly unselfish act.	giving that up is not an unselfish act, it is an act of self degradation.
The Effects of Video Games and Dangerous Sports on People	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	second, with regard to the conceptions you have of people you describe as gamers.
Curriculum design and common practices.	we should teach what is the most common.	it would not be right to deliberately provide an education that would not apply to them.
Social anxiety and difficulty with romantic relationships.	i had no courage to even talk to a girl i had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.	be confident   believe in yourself worst, they try to tie it all up into some pseudo sciencey bullshit tied to  evolutionary psychology.
Confusion caused by multiple exits in the same mile.	the addition of new exits results in the addition of extremely confusing  a  and  b  exits.	in mile based exit numbers, this happens when there are multiple exits in the same mile.
Individual responsibility in society.	however, society/life does nothing for x individual unless x does something first.	this is an untenable system.
Barriers to communication for the deaf community.	the use of a sign language is central to deaf cultural identity.	signing language is important, since it is impossible to lip read i challenge you to lip read.
Parenting and underage drinking.	drinking age is a fairly well known number.	why ? that is completely legal in the bahamas, british virgin isles, parts of canada, haiti, azerbaijan, georgia the country , malaysia, palestine, belgium, denmark, germany, gebraltar, lichtenstein, luxembourg, portugal, switzerland, the uk, morocco, and parts of spain.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	you do not have to register accounts or give up personal information.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	if you had the means to get there, you would probably go.
Abortion and Fetal Rights.	which should not be valid because youre killing another body. which should have rights.	why should these be justified ? does not the fetus have rights that extend over the mother is ? why would these situations make it any different ? or have some sort of birth control which can fail from time to time ? ultimately, your argument boils down to  fetuses are alive and have rights  unless i am wrong, why do you believe that ? from my perspective, fetuses can be considered a type of parasite if they are unwanted they grow inside or on a host, steal nutrients, and can cause significant pain and suffering along with other health problems.
Environmental impact of personal lifestyle choices.	or explain to me how replacing my light bulbs impacts oil subsidies or going vegetarian changes industrial farming practices.	you do not change your light bulbs and go vegetarian because it affects oil subsidies etc.
Knowledge of World War II in America.	as a european american i am consistently astounded by how little americans know about the war.	in america there are history courses at all levels of education about both of these wars.
Religious beliefs and intolerance.	are these people delusional, unintelligent, or am i intolerant of other beliefs ?	it is nothing more than a choice someone makes, and a part of who they decide to be.
The Purpose and Design of Tests.	i think the purpose of a test is to approximate your ability to understand the material that test is over.	a well designed final exam comprises a very significant portion of the grade and tests knowledge of everything in the course.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	but as a matter of law, he very well may not have committed a crime.
Transgender identity and body dysphoria.	mtf or ftm trans i think are misguided, yes.	these two sentences are in direct contradiction with each other, fyi.
Difference between libertarianism and other political ideologies.	if you believe something is bad, you should outlaw it.	perhaps the most fundamental difference between libertarianism and most other political ideologies is that libertarians unequivocally reject this mentality.
Homosexuality as a choice.	i think that participating in homosexual acts is definitely a choice.	being attracted to a certain set of people, however, is not.
Microevolution and Macroevolution.	evolution occurs on small scales with species, but these species do not hold a common ancestor.	they can lump the strongest examples of evolution into the  microevolution  category and then fight against the rest.
Controversy surrounding Tupac's legacy and rape case.	tupac garners as much respect as he does is symptomatic of massive immaturity in certain parts of the hip hop community.	tupac was one of the few rappers to actually try to end gang violence in his free time.
Animal farming and its impact beyond human consumption.	if you decide to not eat animals so that hopefully less farm animals are subject to such horrible conditions, you are ignoring the bigger picture.	yet, even if i take this as truth though i do not , i have no interest in taking part in something i disagree with.
Believing in Love and Overcoming Heartbreak.	i believe we should all believe in love, and fight for it.	chasing after a past love is often a turnoff itself, guaranteeing your failure at finding love at all, past or future.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	the humans should not even matter in the calculus of politics.
Improvement in quality of life, technology, and crime rate.	the quality of life is increasing, technology is improving, and crime is falling.	technological advancement leads to unemployment.
Comparison of animal and human slavery.	his  owner  can literally make him do anything and if he does not, he is punished and will possibly die of starvation.	if we take the notion that having to eat is a draconian requirement then the human race should simply kill itself off in protest to whom, i do not know.
Criticism of Far-Right Ideology.	i have come to believe that the far right embodies everything that is disgusting in human beings.	nbsp; witness please the  freedom  and  equality  of liberalism.
Limitations of investing time in social and technological movements.	so, in choosing between investing one is time in creating a potentially revolutionary social and technological movement vs.	if the chances of succeeding are , then no, it is not worth it and i would do myself and society a favor if i worked a normal job.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	how can you glance at a thin woman and know she is thin because of a great metabolism ? women with eating disorders, alcohol/drug addiction, cancer, or aids can be thin.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	if you have an answer to that question, that same answer could be translated to the universe.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	insurance ? i ca not really cause that much damage.
Prioritization and Counseling for Social Dysfunction.	in addition to that, power, respect and a fame of sorts are my priorities too.	your potential group of people who you can interact normally with will shrink drastically the further up you are.
International policing and American perspective.	why not let the rest of the world police itself for a change ?	their lack of long range missile capability more or less eliminates the threat of nuclear destruction.
Obama's defense of Sony's cyber bullying of Kim Jong Un.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	this is doubly true of famous politicians.
Neglect of pets left alone for long periods.	a pet that spends the majority of every day alone, locked in a cage, crate, or studio apartment, is a neglected animal.	it is his safe place and he loves it in there.
Police abuse and accountability.	to clarify; i think these officers abusing their uniform are repulsive.	i think you will find that most people protesting police abuse do not expect the police to be  pure and to always make the right choice, but rather we just want it to be addressed adequately when police blatantly do bad things and/or hurt people because of incredibly bad decisions.
Athletic Ability in Summer Olympics	sports in the summer olympics take more athletic ability.	hockey, skiing and skating have been around for years.
The value of writing and existence.	my books would most likely just be lost to time and pointlessness, so why even bother ?	that is fine too, and the perfect way to not become a writer.
Internet pricing and usage.	if i do not use the internet that often, why should i pay more ?	if from the seller is side, it is irrelevant how much time you spend home, or how much data you access, then they wo not charge an extra.
Theological beliefs regarding the nature of man and God.	but what changes by adding god to the picture ?	when a person commits murder, they have transgressed against god.
Perception of Reality and Universality of Sweetness	that is to say that nobody is brain is selected for directly perceiving reality.	but in terms of what is real and  out there , the elements of reality that are available to us are being distorted to perceive that which  does not  exist.
Gender-neutral bathrooms and potential concerns.	as trans/queer gendered people are coming out and becoming more accepted, distinguishing between two genders for the bathroom just reinforces a gender binary that could potentially alienate them.	probably a lot of men do too.
Traffic control in the city with tolls.	the road with the highest traffic in my city is the massive interstate leading into the city.	toll booths would be akin to isp charging a premium to users of a specific high traffic site.
Resistance to change in technology and media consumption.	saying that videos have to maintain the old ways is borderline curmudgeonly.	when filming a waterfall coming straight down from a mountain.
The Purpose and Design of Tests.	i think the purpose of a test is to approximate your ability to understand the material that test is over.	classes move through a variety of topics, and it is fair to students that those topics are assessed at the same time as those topics are taught, for the feedback reasons i mentioned above.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	it is just wrong.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	it makes people work more efficiently.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	since we are beings toward death, we leave in anticipation of it.
The effectiveness of education research and scientific method in education.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	just because the object and solutions to social science research are more nebulous and necessarily abstract than the hard sciences does not mean that the research is bunk, or worth less.
Anime and its Historical Context.	i ca not stand most of the characters.	this, however, gave anime writes a new freedom.
Sales Tax Burden on Small Businesses	now i realize that sales tax is technically a  pass through  tax, where the burden is shifted over to the consumer.	the average small business, in my experience, easily pays over $k a year in sales tax.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	we have franz kafka, who said:  a first sign of the beginning of understanding is the wish to die.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	the largest of all metal ores is obviously iron ore which is currently refined using coking coal  not oil.
Organic farming and GMOs.	i would be most people who often buy organics are also against gmos, which means that organic farmers have to make environmental compromises in order to satisfy their customers.	monsanto is bt corn is broken URL the corn rootworm has developed an immunity to it, so farmers using bt corn are increasing pesticide input to former, pre gmo levels.
Existence of life on other planets.	also the planets do not have any evidence of life except for mars having signs of water.	then this isnt much of a point since there are a lot of galaxies and potentially even a lot of universes.
Anonymous online behavior and its consequences.	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	and instead i think the harassment and threats would be more serious as the harassers would know exactly who to target now.
Restaurant reviews and grading process.	that opinion is informed by a single visit to a restaurant with little to no knowledge of how the restaurant works.	michelin and other guides will visit restaurants multiple times with different critics before awarding it a high grade.
Pride and its relation to actions and humanity.	being proud should only come with an action, not with something you are born with.	you are left with individual achievements.
Behavior and Genetics	maybe his genes influenced him, but that does not mean he is incapable of choosing his own actions.	then read about recessive genes, polygenic inheritance, and epigenetics.
Discussion on the concept of human nature.	people always talk about how pure children are.	these are things that children need to be taught because when left to their own, they do not share, play nice, and they often hit each other.
Questioning personal choices and safety.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	and her penchant for dressing in a way that will make your eyes pop out.
Making informed decisions versus immediate decisions.	others have the incentive of going with immediate decisions without making an informed choice, which i would reason, ends up in regret.	taking your time to decide which class you want to take is not always practical when there are limited slots and you are not in a position to pick what you want.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	all you care about now are the white lines.
Justification for a preemptive strike.	the attacker could just be waiting to recoup and attack again, especially as vengeance for being bested.	it is foolish to expect a smaller person to give a much larger person a second opportunity to attack them it is really foolish for anyone, but moreso for smaller people.
Limitations of Short-term Charitable Solutions in Africa	many charities focus on providing short term solutions to african problems: eradicating disease, education to citizens on issues of sexuality, etc.	very noble and very important, but even a disease free and enlightened africa is still going to be very poor.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	a tonal suggestion is that you think the implications of science absurd due to infinite regression.
Democracy and Individual Rights	the  people  in such a system no longer have the power, which is what a democracy is supposed to be.	are you aware that unions are democratic organizations ? if unions are powerful, then democracy is powerful.
Unpleasant tasks in nursing.	someone who is willing to shave your butthole is someone you can depend on for anything.	i may be willing to shave your ass, but my fear of water, spiders, ducks would prevent me from saving you from drowning, evil spiders or going to the park.
English Premier League history and format.	take the english premier league, the regular season is everything since the team with the best record is ultimately the winner.	since  there have been:    different super bowl champions    different world series champions    different stanley cup champions    different nba champions with the point system in epl, a team could lock up the title in as little as  games, making the rest of the season  games irrelevant.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	with no ultimate universal ethical authority, i believe that a person is only obliged to do whatever pleases him/her not necessarily short tem .	now to ethical egoism.
Debate on the importance of bodily autonomy.	and somehow  body autonomy  is some concept to be held high.  barf.	bodily autonomy is  more fundamental  than the right to life.
Impact of voting in swing states/ridings.	unless you live in a swing state/riding, your vote is not going to make a difference.	eh, romney would have enacted his own idea of a better america.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if we all obeyed them, traffic would come to a crawl.	in , speeding was a contributing factor in  percent of all fatal crashes, and , lives were lost in speeding related crashes.
Benefits of being overweight in social interactions.	i have found being overweight allows me to more quickly understand another person i am interacting with.	if your ability to gauge people so well from superficial interaction is a nuanced as you claim, you will not lose this ability by getting in shape.
Properties of pi.	yet the digits of pi are never ending and never repeating.	for example, we could have a number .
Challenges faced by third party candidates in elections.	as every vote for a third party makes the party the voter dislikes the most more likely to win due to the spoiler effect.	thus, a third party helps its consituents by making them into swing voters whose preferences need to be considered.
Reasons for having children.	why add to the rapid deterioration of our environment by bringing another human being into existence ?	population growth must be solved in developing countries and rd world countries.
Plurals and language rules.	second, a lot of those words do not actually end in   i  in their original languages.	what do you mean by a  fundamental rule  ? i mean, it is obviously true that most of our plurals are formed that way, but that does not mean that all other plurals are wrong.
Dieting and Exercise vs. Regulating Caloric Intake	i do not care about being right i care about losing weight, and i never wanna do yoga again !	you can also eat more satisfying meals while you exercise.
Selling products using personal songs and art.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	i see commercials for charities, local events and places etc.
Police use of lethal firearms.	first off, why do your day to day patrol officers need lethal firearms ?	and sometimes not even guns are enough to incapacitate someone.
Restaurant reviews and grading process.	that opinion is informed by a single visit to a restaurant with little to no knowledge of how the restaurant works.	most of their food critics do know how a restaurant work.
Batman's portrayal in Nolan's movie adaptation.	none of the characters are faithful adaptations, and in a movie featuring batman, i expected nolan to leave the character is personalities and motivations intact.	this may be different than the comic batman, but its a very intentional and up front choice by nolan.
Biological basis of sex determination.	sex is solely determined by the sex chromosome, and there is not anything else to it.	given that it is much easier to change you body than your brain and that your brain is usually much more strongly associated with your identity many people say they are suck in the wrong body and often do things to change it.
Criticism of Anime Tropes and Historical Context.	i find the tropes of anime very inane, everyone looks the same, people are too serious or too wacky, the animation is clunky same expressions , the subject matter is very bizarre and i ca not stand most of the characters.	this is true for most western stuff too.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	anyway, the object of the game is to get the two white lines straight and evenly spaced in your mirrors and then just go ! back straight up and you are done.
Artists selling their art.	even established actors or comedians should not be doing commercials.	this depends entirely on the content of the commercial.
Issues with lack of game criticism in online content creation.	the problem i have, though, most of the time, the uploader is just talking about their day or sopmething that happened in the game, never criticizing or commenting on the games.	the game industry treats mythology like the free idea bucket, and every other game on steam feels like a cheap minecraft knock off these days.
Israel's methods for rooting out weapons caches.	israel could root out weapons caches using methods that are far less likely to kill civilians even if those methods were less effective, since the actual risk to israeli lives would still be minuscule.	plus israeli citizens with ptsd, destroyed homes, depression, sickness.
Issues Faced by Other Alien Species.	war, more and more dangerous weapons, corporate greed, government corruption, global warming, mass extinction, these are all issues that other alien species would likely encounter.	corporate greed in itself is not going to destroy human life.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	if these trends continue as they are today, we will have no space for everything.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	do not get me wrong, they still have a long way to go, but for a one party state, they have been on a steady assuming economic actions , since the sino soviet split which happened in .
Misunderstandings about the meaning of equality.	anyways in trying to understand why these discussions so often breakdown i came to the conclusion that what one person considers equal another does not.	are you thinking perhaps of affirmative action ? that is a different philosophy than equal opportunity.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	if you are going to consider this other person family, one person does not necessarily have to be the wife, though that is the tradition had ought to change their name to reflect that.
The aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	tattoos can embody the same thing, with thoughts or experiences.
Benefits of Strength Training in Fitness.	with a good dose of cardio and flexibility training.	do you even know the difference between aerobic and anaerobic cardio, sprinting/distance running ? if you have something to contribute, then why have not you ? i have never seen anything in your post history indicating you contributed.
The negative effects of video games on social life.	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	they seem disconnected from many aspects of social life and also seem quick to prove that they are smarter than the person with whom they are speaking.
Eliminating political parties	ca not we eliminate the parties and each candidate stands by his own beliefs, not the party is , and then we can elect someone the majority agrees with ?	people will often have similar ideas and want to build organizations which support those ideas.
School technology and student ownership.	although the school would likely provide most or all technology, social pressure may cause students to want to buy high end technology.	teens will be flaunting their smartphones until the end of times, regardless of it is needed for school or not.
Political spectrum and movements.	a fascist with a libertarian, both are apparently right wing.	most right wing movements are conservative in that they are somewhat reactionary to left wing movements.
Affordability of professional sports entertainment.	if you want sports entertainment you should go pay professional sports entertainment.	students at college are going to want to watch their college sports team play.
Discussion about mainstream music artists and Nicki Minaj's talent.	say all you want about iggy being talentless and mediocre which can be said about most mainstream popular music artists and performers, what can i say ?	i know you do not know much about rappers and rap, but did you mean nicki ? who is nikki ? btw nicki is probably the best female out there right now she won the best female in hip hop from bet for the th year in a row this year.
Stress of falling behind in school or work.	if you miss a few days, you end up fighting an uphill battle which makes all of your work worse as you try to both catch up on missed assignments and keep up with incoming ones.	my teachers had always started units or courses with homework or work booklets that did not count for much less than  of grade per assignment and gradually became more weighted as you learned.
Feminism and Equality.	the goal of feminism is, or at least should be, equality.	the goal of those working at any health organization should be for everyone to be healthy, and yet we have different organizations fighting individual problems malaria, breast cancer, etc.
Obesity and Legislative Impact on Healthy Alternatives.	point being, obesity only runs rampant in the united states because legislature is not there to deflate the cost of healthy alternatives.	thrifty gene , hormones eg.
Gun control and banning specific firearms.	i am pointing out that there are specific firearms that have no impact on violence at large, yet are the first ones targeted.	the problem is that after you have banned the problematic weapons, they become expensive to get hold of and risky to own.
The role of luck in competitive gaming.	there is always going to be the possibility of an otherwise champion player making a stupid, fatal fuckup, or a glitch in the game causing an otherwise unwarranted victory.	mistakes are not luck, they are a natural part of a contest of skill.
Changing last name for practicality and tradition.	well obviously, you are making an assumtion that your family name is more important than theirs.	i do not put myself above her, but i do have certain expectations for a marriage.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	or, if the reader had no exposure whatsoever to any justice system, that paragraph could be confusing.
The use of vague language in media reporting.	limp words such as that are used by media outlets of all political persuasions in preference to terms that are more informative and accurate, qualities normally appreciated in news coverage.	you seem to be against a more precise use of the language.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	they have to market their message just like any company.
Wearing watches vs using smartphones for time telling.	most people already have switched from wearing watches to using their smartphones for time telling.	not really.
American interventionism and democracy promotion.	why should only our citizens get these rights if we can help it.	if another nation does not have strict labor laws, it is not our place to try to enforce them on the people or to attack the government by withdrawing our businesses unless they make their laws just like ours.
Humanity's worthiness of a savior.	i do not think humanity really deserves a savior, especially at the cost of innocent life.	saving a single person over millions just because you care for that single person is the very definition of selfishness.
Parenting and underage drinking.	drinking age is a fairly well known number.	i have friends whose parents allowed them to drink starting around age , and i think it is extremely poor parenting to do something like that.
Gun control and banning specific firearms.	i am pointing out that there are specific firearms that have no impact on violence at large, yet are the first ones targeted.	ie, if being caught possessing one means jail.
International policing and American perspective.	why not let the rest of the world police itself for a change ?	they provide economic benefit, plus they are a strong ish military presence in asia which allows the us to station their own military presence in the area.
Police use of lethal firearms.	first off, why do your day to day patrol officers need lethal firearms ?	police officers have to treat every arrest with the idea in mind that the person could be armed and deadly, and when you are in a backwards neighborhood such as the tragic one in missouri, guns are even more prevalent.
Religious justifications for violence in literature.	what other fashion can you justify genocide, bigotry and forced conversion other than proclaiming that your message is about peace and love ?	it does not matter if thousands of sages were doing unto others if  his  message was the one that penetrated and spread, either as a result of his self sacrifice or just via some sort of ancient zeitgeist.
Escalator etiquette.	my point is that on escalators, polite and considerate people stand on the standing side and pass on the passing side.	just because you are unhappy with the speed of the escalator does not mean people ought to make room for you to pass.
Issues with US Railroads.	the railroads have hardly innovated in decades and are abysmal for passenger traffic.	a major concern is someone like verizon or comcast screwing with netflix traffic to make their own service look more attractive.
Middle East and colonization.	i think we need to basically recolonize the middle east.	additionally, it is not as if these last  years have been completely up to them.
Passengers kicked off for body odor.	finally, passengers have been kicked off for things that endanger the comfort of others before like body odor .	their odor also extends beyond the area of their seat.
Racial disparities in the criminal justice system.	straight up, vocal, racists are in the minority now.	tell that to the police brutality rates and the abuse of force URL the ongoing fight between the kkk and anonymous.
Importance of intimacy in sexual relationships.	sex is a very powerful action that does not necessarily have to be used for conception every time, but should only be used between two very close people.	sex is a very powerful driving force, for many people.
Closed-mindedness and breaking submission rule B.	you should not even try to change my view because what i speak is a truth manifested by the movement of all mankind throughout history.	this sounds an awful lot like it breaks submission rule b:  you must personally hold the view and  be open to it changing.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	solve for x ? well i would rather figure out the height of a rocket after  minutes with a certain acceleration.
Criticism of Environmental Hypocrisy in Private Jet Use	i have never heard these guys advocate the ban of private jets.	until these wealthy people start doing greener things, it will not be affordable for the rest of us.
School technology and student ownership.	although the school would likely provide most or all technology, social pressure may cause students to want to buy high end technology.	although the desire to have the most updated technology is always going to be an issue, it has very little to do with whether or not it is needed at school.
Citizenship and System Improvement	i want a system that is easier for everybody, a system not clogged with bureaucracy, a system that treats each human life with dignity and respect and does not provide huge hurdles to jump over.	how will your decision to pursue citizenship help achieve this goal ? that is inaccurate.
Airline seat reclining policy.	i feel that i paid for a seat that reclines, and i also paid to sit in a seat where the one in front of me reclines as well.	rather than assuming that reclining is ok we should move to a system where reclining is presumed to be not ok and that a passengers should ask those behind them if they are ok with them reclining their seats.
Superficiality in Dating and Social Settings	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	however people have preferences in what they look for in a potential lifelong mate as far as physical appearances go.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	with no ultimate universal ethical authority, i believe that a person is only obliged to do whatever pleases him/her not necessarily short tem .	let me first adress why psychological egoism is wrong: soldiers do not throw themselves on grenades in order to save their companions because they think it feels good, and they certainly do not do it because of social consequences.
Improvement in quality of life, technology, and crime rate.	the quality of life is increasing, technology is improving, and crime is falling.	yes, while the incarceration per , has increased since.
Advantages of using a trailer for moving.	if you actually want to move a lot of stuff a trailer is a lot more practical.	there are also covers you can get for the bed of your truck that protect it from wind/water.
White Privilege and Racism	statements like  white people ca not experience racism  are obviously bunk; tell that to the polish guy who got glassed and facially disfigured by a drunk woman in my town on the basis of his identity.	the thing is that white people do not experience racism as a constant factor of their daily lives.
The impact of abolishing intellectual property on science and progress.	i also believe that abolishing intellectual property could result prejudicial to science and progress as less people would be willing to dedicate their lives to innovating.	you are not paying the carpenter a fee every time you walk through your front door, why would ideas need to be compensated differently if you insist on looking at it economically ? the problem with reserach is that every researcher builds on the accumulated data and reports of his predecessors.
Prioritization and Counseling for Social Dysfunction.	in addition to that, power, respect and a fame of sorts are my priorities too.	if you really want it and are mentally healthy and are clear on the consequences.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	a better solution is to teach people the value of mental health services.
Limitations of human knowledge and perception.	there might be infinitely many things we are not aware of.	things that have exactly zero effect on our lives or the reality we experience.
Gun control and government tyranny.	if there are either no guns or very limited types of guns in the us there can be no effective defense against a tyrannical government.	you can change the political system peacefully, but you simply choose not to.
Tattoos in the workplace.	would i even want to work for a company that is so narrow minded about what makes a good employee ?	it intimidates members of the public, it looks gang related.
Coursework procrastination and monitoring.	some students see the deadline of the coursework and decide to start doing the coursework on that day.	i feel it is not your job to monitor them to make sure they are doing each step in enough time to complete.
Maturity on Reddit and Mental Health Support.	reddit often is not mature enough to deal with those kinds of posts.	and she talked to me and listened to me.
Skepticism about common ancestry and evolution.	i do not believe; however, that humans are direct descendents of any species, and i do not believe that birds and dogs for example had any common ancestor.	what evidence do you have that would support the idea that we do  not  have a common ancestor ? could you explain  why  you believe this ? you mention that you are  certain  of these things and that you do not believe what the experts who study these things for a living say, and you never explain your reasoning.
The Importance of Restroom Breaks.	i realized that these rules were unproductive to me, insofar as emptying my bladder goes, and also socially.	it is their private time and it should be respected.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	think of it like a statistical issue.
Importance of intimacy in sexual relationships.	sex is a very powerful action that does not necessarily have to be used for conception every time, but should only be used between two very close people.	it can be as used a stress relieving tool as easily as it can be used to grow a relationship.
Cultural exports and perspectives on culture.	the  cultural export  of australia is tiny when compared to that of, say, france, which has had thousands of years of art, poetry, and science.	you say that some countries are  less cultured  than others but you are only viewing it from one perspective.
Snoop Dogg criticizing a young rapper's skills.	now snoop is one of the few active og, why the fuck is he gonna go diss a young rapper ?	are you a writer for tmz ? this is all speculation and basically a straw man.
Clock industry decline.	but those clocks have been in a decline for a long time now.	not really.
Disabling website ads and content payment.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	if a company wants to earn money with their content, then they have to find a business model that works best for them.
Testing people's ability to distinguish between wines.	therefore, i basically believe that people ca not tell the difference between wines.	see if either or both of you actually can distinguish wines.
Higher compensations for police officers.	due to their scarcity, cops will eventually lead to higher compensations to incentivize the fields.	as a tax payer, i have no problem with this.
Limitations of God-given rights.	since these rights were given to people by god, people can not take these rights away.	undistributed middle: freedom of a divinity does not necessarily imply freedom of any other being.
Accessibility to basic human needs.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	however, there is always a division between liberty and security.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	women still struggle to get equal pay, access to some male dominated careers, and respect in the workplace.
Bible and cross dressing exceptions.	bible against cross dressing.	however, if someone really is the opposite gender, it is not cross dressing.
Legalization of Racism and Free Market Reaction.	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	meaning the vast majority of people have to demand and refuse to use non segregated services before such businesses start to appear.
Automation and the Role of the State in Robot Ownership	eventually, all the jobs will theoretically be gone, then all of the robots need to be owned by the state, otherwise the majority of the populace become nothing more than the property of those that own the robots.	why ca not everyone own their own robots ? why ca not robots be owned collectively.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	tear gas: this is an area weapon, so you are going to have lots of collateral damage.
Democracy and Individual Rights	the  people  in such a system no longer have the power, which is what a democracy is supposed to be.	when the effect of one man is vote is negligible, the rights of the individual get trampled, and the only entities given consideration are those that can effectively organize ex.
School technology and student ownership.	although the school would likely provide most or all technology, social pressure may cause students to want to buy high end technology.	many people simply ca not afford all of this stuff.
Protection from discrimination and individual responsibility.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	that is why they deny everyone else common sense positive rights such as the right to life and thus access to things like healthcare , the right to education, etc.
Advantages of using vans for moving compared to pickup trucks.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	i sometimes have to transport things that are fairly disgusting and you probably do not want on the interior of a car.
Obesity and Legislative Impact on Healthy Alternatives.	point being, obesity only runs rampant in the united states because legislature is not there to deflate the cost of healthy alternatives.	it is not as simple as calories in versus exercise.
Pronunciation and Nationalism.	i am aware i am in a particular country that speaks english a certain way, but to completely discount alternate and, in many cases, the original pronunciation as  wrong  seems nationalistic at best and conceited at worst.	most people are quite ignorant about language, and believe the follies of prescriptivism.
The Benefits and Limitations of Cruises	i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, you should go on a cruise.	it is not necessarily the most cost efficient way to travel, though.
Racial profiling and discrimination by police.	but if the same policeman finds a black kid with facial tattoos, a thick accent and pants around his knees we see that kid go to jail.	being a pretty white girl did not help them.
Disabling website ads and content payment.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	i think a better example would be a restaurant that gives away their food for free and you only have to pay for drinks, without requiring that you have to buy one.
Non-binary gender identity and terminology preferences.	who do not perfectly fit into little stereotype gender roles.	a woman in america does not become a  man  for wearing a t shirt and jeans.
Debate on the Feasibility of Socialism in Europe.	i am not trying to say socialism ca not work.	spain, ireland, greece, france, italy, all had a much worse time of it than we did.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	you could do a lot of damage, especially against unskilled wizards it is noted that most wizards ca not cast a shield charm, george and fred weasley is shielded clothing items are noted to be very useful in that they can help people survive spells.
Parasites and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	the next step is to drain the health of the organism so that the immune system ca not be revived.
Scotland's potential independence and its impact on the UK's military.	well, first of all, the uk, currently the fourth largest military power in the world and a country that has a permanent seat on the un security council would be decimated in its strength.	given the scottish gdp is $ billion, this amounts to a total loss of $ billion in military spending.
Republican rhetoric on shooting immigrants.	southern republicans often spout rhetoric about shooting immigrants on sight.	i have never once seen a prominent republican run on this stance.
Criticism of profit-making organizations and military industrial complex.	somehow our noble society would not harm a fly if not for these evil profit making organizations and military industrial complex.	if companies profit from war, then they probably want war more than the next person, all things being equal.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	they also have a massive legal and marketing department.
Negative attitudes towards feminism outside of subreddit.	there are no jokes about feminism or women is rights, which are actually quite frequent outside of the subreddit.	walk into the comments of most posts there, do a  ctrl f feminis  and you will see how eager people are there to blame feminism for all gender inequalities or generally bash it.
Efficiency and Resource Usage Limitations.	in general we are becoming more efficient, and using less resources for the same tasks, as time progresses.	the main reason microchips are getting smaller is because transistors electronic switches can be made to be extremely tiny, on the order of just a handful of atoms across.
Personal boundaries and respect for privacy.	but even more importantly, i could not care less if she slept with every guy in seattle.	just because something is personal, does not mean nobody should speak out about it.
Living conditions in Africa.	africa was, and still is, a pretty awful place to live in.	in west africa there were many kingdoms in pre colonialism.
Criticism of environmental hypocrisy regarding private jet usage.	there is no hypocrisy, because no one is advocating the ban of private jets.	he is undermining his entire message.
The role of the government in business and society.	society needs rich people to look up to.	i would not admire someone who does not pay their dues as that makes you selfish.
Social etiquette and behavior.	if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	they are using they incredulity as a method to build rapport and you are spurning them for it.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	lucas  well known distaste for managing actors resulted in bad performances from natalie freaking portman and hayden christensen, but you could arguably say the same about the original trilogy actors.
Depression and its impact on others.	how rude for my depression to inconvenience the people around me.	has it occurred to you that it might be selfish towards yourself as weird as that might sound ? that you are taking life and everything that comes with it away from yourself.
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	this place is dangerous !.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	but not everyone police draw on will be your average thug.
Nationalities and their corresponding names in English.	polish people are poles, scottish people are scots, british people are brits, arabic people are arabs, turkish people are turks, jewish people are jews, czechoslovakian people are czechs, slavic people are slavs swedish people are swedes, mongolian people are mongols.	all meaning we attach to them is based on social construction.
Morality of the Second World War	the second world war can be seen as a black and white moral struggle against monstrously oppressive forces.	i do not think there is one since i think that could be applied to almost all wars that ever happened.
Conditions for Incestuous Relationships	incest, i will admit, would have to have some conditions.	primarily, restrictions on producing offspring, due to the genetic dangers.
Driving safety and emergency vehicle awareness.	not being able to hear emergency vehicles coming.	i almost always see the lights before i hear it.
Tipping servers and minimum wage.	serving food to customers is part of the server is job description and i am not required to tip other minimum wage workers following their job descriptions for providing their time and service.	so slow pay periods means that they wo not make min wage.
Debate on the morality of business actions.	but any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	how do you make this logical leap, pre tell ? win win situations are now amoral ? do you apply this to every human too ? holding the door open so they do not work and you get gratification in that is amoral ? and your whole view on business is out of a documentary or michael moore film and not reality.
British stereotypes.	a negative stereotype is that the british are known for their deceit and lies, from which their old oppressive empire was established.	i think most people would put them on the other end of the scale, being a country of its word.
Economics and Leftism.	leftist culture demonizes capitalism, which is the mechanism by which one attains material security in our society.	there is this notion that the  left  wastes money and is anti capitalist and the  right  is fiscally conservative and pro capitalist.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	if we had a modern version of the bible the older books would most certainly involve disputes being settles through duels whereas the newer books would have disputes settled through arbitration or something similar.
The limitations of ethical consumerism in addressing climate change.	whether or not florida is sunk by rising sea levels is not a triviality that should be left to making sure you buy the right soy sauce.	sweatshop labor is horribly exploitative, but for many of those workers it is horrible hours in a sweatshop, or horrible hours in a field growing crops.
Internet pricing and usage.	if i do not use the internet that often, why should i pay more ?	water and electricity are actual physical materials that are being diverted in your way when you use them, while data is not.
Longevity and happiness in relationships.	there is no way a relationship between two people can last and the people in that relationship actually remain happy and content with the relationship and each other.	we did not set time as a goal, we set fulfillment as a goal.
Airline seat reclining policy.	i feel that i paid for a seat that reclines, and i also paid to sit in a seat where the one in front of me reclines as well.	essentially you have been handed a defective product where the defect does not impact you but instead causes pain to someone else.
Subsidies for drivers and other modes of transportation.	hence everyone else, who has better things to do than drive everywhere, are forced to subsidize drivers in their irresponsible choices.	if you used another form of transportation, do you think you are immune from injury while walking or cycling ? and the correlation between obesity and medical costs is weak.
Criticism of GOP's War on Drugs policy.	the gop started the war on drugs, a policy which is obviously a gross mismanagement of taxpayer dollars and racist to boot.	am i restricting your right to buy a yacht ? the argument is over funding, not restriction.
Challenges of having a national language for government documents.	a national language helps bind national unity.	for government documents, this is basically functionally impossible.
The value of convincing someone that life is worth living.	people should use every means short of restraints to convince someone that life is worth living.	this may sound like me being pedantic/stubborn but there is a huge difference between saying something  is  a right and  actually having  that right.
Religion's dual nature as conservative and revolutionary.	religion, in nature, is conservative and/or reactionary.	it is just as much revolutionary and groundbreaking.
Homelessness and Nationalism.	homelessness, try being homeless in a country where if you are homeless you have to live through fucking cold high mountain winters.	a problem us has that others do not is to be able to leave behind racial segregation and integrate, something that happened well in eu after two world wars.
Belief in intelligent being vs matter with no beginning/end.	either you believe in an intelligent being who has no beginning and no end, or you believe in matter that has no beginning and no end.	rather it just means that they have at least one element in common.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	first, the foundation of your argument positions men against feminist i.
Comparison of ethnic and religious violence in Europe and the rest of the world.	in fact, that is why i think most examples of ethnic and religious violence outside of europe did not really happen until europeans started meddling in foreign affairs.	the history of the human race is full of war and violence, europe is no exception.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	these factors can save you time and energy and increase your odds of meeting someone that you can have a deep meaningful lasting relationship with.
Gender equality and shared responsibility in society.	i just think that the system should be fair to both sexes.	should the woman ? should they both ? no.
Athletic Ability in Summer Olympics	sports in the summer olympics take more athletic ability.	do you only consider it a sport if it takes an excessive amount of athletic ability to win ? can we not include games that force a lot of dexterity and skill as well ? some examples URL of summer games that do not really take a lot of physical prowess: archery kinda need arm strength, but this is secondary to dexterity sailing diving shooting table tennis fencing same caveat as archery imo golf what do you think about these ? i do not think this necessarily makes the winter sports  worse , i just think it means the contenders are more limited.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	his sister sally finds out he is in the hospital and she is more worried about whether or not she should feed the dog.
Misrepresentation of Feminism on Social Media	the behavior of some supposed feminists, however, often in online formats such as twitter, is antithetical to feminisms goals, is awful pr, and is simply not okay.	i am sure that i could find people from any sexual, ethnic or racial minority behaving badly but i would never conclude that blacks are xyz because this one black did abc on twitter.
The advantages of attractiveness.	i believe because of these factors, attractive people ultimately have happier lives and have way more success while putting in way less work, financially, socially, and emotionally.	me and him could look at one girl and have complete opposite subjective opinions on the attractiveness of that person.
Achievement and Taking Action	what would  wouldoing my best  achieve that i do not already have ?	the point is to do the thing you wanna do.
Tipping servers and minimum wage.	serving food to customers is part of the server is job description and i am not required to tip other minimum wage workers following their job descriptions for providing their time and service.	in reality, what ends up happening is that restaurants do not record tips so they are not taxed and in return the risk of not making min wage falls on the servers.
Patriotism and Job Creation.	many Americans think that creating jobs for americans is morally superior to creating jobs for people of other countries.	patriotism is saying  my country is great  it is  not   we are better than everyone else,  although it is sometimes confused as such.
Making money from motivational content and art.	yes, the higher ups make money from motivational content.	the motivational materials and general lifestyle are required to keep people in a state of insecurity where they assume everyone else is doing better than them and therefore the fact that they are not making money is an anomaly.
Superficiality and importance of appearance.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	online dating allows your first look at a person to include their hobbies and interests, a glimpse into their personality and sense of humor based on what they have written for their profile, and how they have written it.
Blackface and its controversy.	when people arent trying to take jobs that could have been filled in by black people and people arent trying to make a caricature out of black peolle then painting thaire face black shouldent be a problem.	why are they painting their faces black ? if it has nothing to do with mocking blackpeople, then it is not  blackface ; it is just facepaint.
Concerns about mixed-gender bathrooms.	there are already unisex and family bathrooms some places that are used with no complaint.	we just  are , and it is not a bad thing at all.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	remember that newton stuck needles in his eyes to try figuring out how many colors there are/were.
Quality of life vs. Prolonging life.	instead of finding ways to prolong life, we could better spend resources to make the life we have got more pleasurable.	this would be a much better way to spend our time and resources, by actively trying to become a better and happier society, where death is just part of the cycle, with no taboos attached to it.
Existential crisis and beliefs about afterlife.	i genuinely wish i had never been born.	if you do not believe in an afterlife, then what you experience after death will be exactly the same regardless of whether you were born or not unless you believe in this URL which based on your writing, i do not think you do.
The accuracy of education research in academia.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	if human behavior is not worth studying, than neither is animal behavior or possibly even ecology as a whole.
Debate on animals' desire for life.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	you may be able to say that we are not  sure  animals have any explicit wish to live, but it is certainly arguable that they do.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	for me it is about wanting my partner to be happy and i do not want limit the possible joy she can get out of life in any way.
Pronunciation and Nationalism.	i am aware i am in a particular country that speaks english a certain way, but to completely discount alternate and, in many cases, the original pronunciation as  wrong  seems nationalistic at best and conceited at worst.	it would be nice, perhaps, if everyone accepted every deviation.
African American culture and ancestry.	during slavery africans had their native cultures erased and came together to form a new one for all african americans.	unless you want to count being benefactors of slavery or segregation, then be my guest ! we might have an american culture, but there sure as hell is not an american white culture.
Importance of Applied Math Education in Early Grades.	sure, many careers need higher math but that can wait until college.	part of education is to expand your mind, to teach you how to learn and think.
Comparison between Hamlet and a teenager's Twitter page.	hamlet does not contain  half  the raw angst found on a teenager is twitter page.	you join communities filled with like minded people and hear opinions that are similar to your own.
Atheism and conversion.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	if atheism isnt a disbelief in a god than what is ?.
Dealing with a friend's personal problems.	i think her problems are due to her own issues, and its unreasonable for her to drag me into her own problems.	, then that is just a statement of fact.
Debate on animals' desire for life.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	cows, for example, may not be very good hunters, but they are not going to pass up a free meal just because it is wiggling around URL neither will deer URL if there is one thing life is about, it is surviving.
Living conditions in Africa.	africa was, and still is, a pretty awful place to live in.	and some parts of africa did not have centralized government, but that does not necessarily mean they were worse off.
Two-state solution and Israeli annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the two state solution, israel would have to treat a palestine, as a country, with sovereignty.	first of all, i agree that the israeli endgame has long been the annexation of all the palestinian territories.
Misuse of Feminism and Gender Equality	i watch someone misuse the term feminism imo.	besides that, the gender gap in spatial skills the biggest cognitive difference between the sexes , and lack of women in it and engineering are related to that.
Correlation between intelligence and income.	there is a high correlation between intelligence and income.	do you see how this falls apart as you move up the incredibly steep curve of income distribution ? people who are somewhat likely to generally be smarter than poorer people end up with thousands of times the voting power.
The use of grades as a measure of personality factors.	i understand that grades also can be used to measure certain personality factors conscientiousness, ability to follow instruction, adherence to procedural norms which all debatable might be as important as understanding the material.	assessment provides excellent potential for early feedback right when you are learning material, which is important.
Regulations for bicyclists on public roads.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	as for testing, there are slews of completely incompetent users of the road regardless of what their driving.
Malware and Free AV Software	i am starting to feel like the programs are becoming more and more malware like every day.	showing you a promotion is adware like, not malware like.
The value and limitations of cultural differences.	cultures are not entities that have or can have rights, nor are cultural differences inherently valuable or wrong, for that matter .	espousing your logic would lead me to say that the concept of  non alcoholic beer  itself offensively trivializes actual beer.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	with no ultimate universal ethical authority, i believe that a person is only obliged to do whatever pleases him/her not necessarily short tem .	they do it out of higher motives.
Impact of long-term radioactivity pollution on the environment.	and the environment is polluted with radioactivity for over a century.	huge inconvenience for a lot of people, possibly even a bit destructive, but ultimately not a huge deal.
The effectiveness of education research and scientific method in education.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	for every  navel gazing paper about the social construction of gender roles , there are papers attempting to understand phenomena such as: how media coverage affects the outcomes of trials how attitude change persuasion happens how good are police officers at detecting lying, and how confident are they in their abilities ? what makes an argument persuasive ? how do things like racism impact student learning what is dogmatism, and who is susceptible to it ? how can we successfully navigate inter cultural encounters ? and so on.
Challenges with societal gender norms and definitions.	the problem lies not within people  being born in the wrong skin , but within society is narrow definitions of men and women and of masculinity and femininity.	honestly, this fucks me over way more than the status quo does.
The role of sociopaths in society and leadership.	in order to minimize people is personal moral codes getting in the way of a powerful, efficient society, sociopaths and other people with little to no morals should be encourages to attain positions of power.	you just need to be willing and able to look at larger pictures, further ahead.
The Purpose and Design of Tests.	i think the purpose of a test is to approximate your ability to understand the material that test is over.	if that is the case, then why does it matter if they figured out, say, trig identities when the test was first given rather than a week later ? to give them a grade that is not reflective of what they actually understand at the end of the course is to defeat the purpose of the evaluation itself.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	the tv specials are quite iconic as well.
The impact of creating separate museums on American unity.	creating a separate museum just intensifies feelings of separateness.	sometimes it makes sense for the historian to say that all people are the same, and sometimes it makes sense for the historian to stress their categorization.
Welfare and Benefits Reform	if welfare were to be rapidly dismantled, i believe the us would be in a worse state.	even holding conservative views, i believe welfare is a necessary evil.
Obama's defense of Sony's cyber bullying of Kim Jong Un.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	we are not concerned about his feelings, nor should we be.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	often, the passion is sucked away through exercises that do not make sense.
Discussion on the feasibility of battery-powered vehicles.	many vehicles simply demand too much energy to be battery powered construction, military, freight, etc.	and these vehicles contribute quite a bit to current vehicle emissions if only it were conceivable to power vehicles that often travel along a fixed route with some fixed power transmission system.
Societal expectations and objectification of women's bodies.	on a certain level, is not everyone selling their body ?	even still, more foot ball players live productive lives after football than porn stars.
Discussion on the concept of privacy.	but i just ca not see how being a bystander to the real crime being committed is a violation of privacy as well.	sure, it is easier for you to rummage through my stuff, and i will never know, but that does not change the my feelings.
Discussion on Objectivity and Taxpayer's Money	i do not care about the financial aspect on tax payers either.	how can a person legally too young to buy fictional violence be expected to fully comprehend what it means to commit real acts of violence ? i do not mind one little bit if my tax dollars are used to effectively keep murdering savages locked up behind bars where they can only hurt, rape, and kill each other.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	i also recognize that ethics and personal values are highly subjective.	now to ethical egoism.
Issues Faced by Other Alien Species.	war, more and more dangerous weapons, corporate greed, government corruption, global warming, mass extinction, these are all issues that other alien species would likely encounter.	this view seems to reflect a sort of carbon chauvinism.
Israel's methods for rooting out weapons caches.	israel could root out weapons caches using methods that are far less likely to kill civilians even if those methods were less effective, since the actual risk to israeli lives would still be minuscule.	they have to weigh the death of palestinian citizens against their own civilian is trauma and death.
Equality and Fair Treatment of Marginalized Groups.	criticize the action rather than the person.	you could argue that showing them statistics and  facts  that blacks were  worth  what whites were, but honestly, what facts ? what data ? how a person views of the worth of a fellow human being is subjective.
The Benefits and Limitations of Cruises	i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, you should go on a cruise.	cruises are not valid for travel to all destinations.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	they can highlight, make notes, bookmarks, etc, all those things can be done on paper as well where you have that physical connection to the text.
Batman's refusal to kill villains and its consequences.	throughout the history of batman, the hero has refused to kill the villain and instead has him institutionalized or put in jail, from which the villain the joker, scarecrow, etc.	inevitably escapes and returns to terrorize the city again, giving batman an excuse to continue fighting crime.
Benefits of Yoga and Pilates for Physical Fitness.	but i have not seen a serious discussion about the benefits offered by yoga or pilates to enhance the hard work that has already been done.	do you even know the difference between aerobic and anaerobic cardio, sprinting/distance running ? if you have something to contribute, then why have not you ? i have never seen anything in your post history indicating you contributed.
Use of Neutral Language in Progressive Discourse.	those of a progressive persuasions also replace words felt to have a nasty connotation, such as  prostitute , with bland,  neutral  terms such as  sex worker  which of course are not neutral, but seek to reinforce the author is opinion in one way or another .	sex worker  is not  neutral  as in not picking sides between conservative and progressive values, it is neutral as in not making an agressively biased judgement about the workers in question.
Recording at concerts and entitlement to seeing the show.	if you did not pay the dough, know about the gig, or could not catch it, you are not automatically entitled to seeing it.	unless youre going to a rave, where the music is predominantly artificial bass jacked up so high the ground shakes, you can get a decent video.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	a lot of them are a product of either   cultural shifts.
Subsidies for drivers and other modes of transportation.	hence everyone else, who has better things to do than drive everywhere, are forced to subsidize drivers in their irresponsible choices.	if you do not like cars, you do not have to own one.
Individual rights and justice.	i do not see how one of group of humans has the right to restrict another human is movement and intimately control their life.	human rights do not apply to criminals.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	nobody is required to go to a doctor for a medical condition.
Comparison between vans and pickup trucks for moving.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	they are normal cars, as far as i am concerned.
Debate on Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	individually, these genes may be totally harmless, or maybe even beneficial.
Vegetarianism and sexual orientation as innate characteristics.	i am a sort of buddhist who believes unless you are stuck in the jungle in a survival of the fittest situation, you have no moral justification to eat meat, cmv.	the  big   meat animals, beef, chicken, and pork, come from animals that are not actually that intelligent.
Homelessness and Nationalism.	homelessness, try being homeless in a country where if you are homeless you have to live through fucking cold high mountain winters.	source: population URL and homelessness URL   most countries have high rates of gun ownership, and low gun crime nothing even remotely like us, the highest are switzerland and norway and i think you know the story behind them: switzerland has a load of mandatory rifles handed out as part of a  well regulated militia , and norway has a lot of hunting and sport shooting, and also one of the highest murder rates in europe still low compared to us.
Grading methods in classes.	the grading is qualitative, rather than quantitative.	students are asked to show their knowledge on a specific topic.
Automation and the Role of the State in Robot Ownership	eventually, all the jobs will theoretically be gone, then all of the robots need to be owned by the state, otherwise the majority of the populace become nothing more than the property of those that own the robots.	sounds like you do not have a very good imagination about future economics.
Misalignment of School Year and Calendar Year	school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years.	this one could be improved, but only slightly, and truthfully, it does not really cause us big problems other than the minor occasional annoyance anyway.
Job opportunities for bachelor's vs master's degree holders.	i feel like a lot of jobs are given to gifted soon to be bachelors students who are just desperately waiting for paid internships to put on their application.	all the jobs are going to suck until about   years out and to move up you have to be aggressive, i.
Criticism of religion's role in causing problems in the world.	when i say that religion in general and islamic in specific causes a lot of problems in today is world, i am seen as a bigot and an islamophobe.	a lot of people blame it on  extremists  or  fundamentalists.
Voting and Political Thinking	i want to vote for someone who i would actually want to hold that office.	politics is never going to be about every single persons every single need being met.
The dangers of one night stands and casual relationships.	one night stands and other  no strings attached  relationships are dangerous and can be unhealthy for both participants  mental state.	have you got any proof to back this claim up ? i think it is pretty easy to look at western europe to see a pretty laissez faire attitude towards sex and also see pretty healthy, thriving societies.
Misconceptions about the nature of gods.	gods are just humans who have had a good million or so years to evolve.	generally, you initial definition of  god  is extremely specious and does not really satisfy any historical or contemporary uses of the word.
Experience of reading and editing on a computer.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	the editing capacity of tablets for essays is woefully lacking compared to the interfaces available for pcs.
Regional differences in Scottish and English interests.	there does not seem to be the kind of evidence of regional balkanization one would see if scottish interests were truly divergent from those of the rest of the uk.	scotland focuses a lot more on education, healthcare, and social care.
The effectiveness of self-preservation in conflicts.	i think that self preservation of one is life will trump all of these reasons.	but if you know that jesse is allowed to murder you for punching him, you would be more likely to use force that would be more incapacitating but not necessarily deadly at the outset.
***Possible topic: Reasons for an alien species to avoid making contact with humans.	but an alien species could collect an enormous amount of data from long distance visual observation and monitoring are telecommunication networks.	all the radio waves we emit are indistinguishable from noise before they even reach the nearest stars.
Useless college majors.	you will constantly receive disdain from the people around you for doing a purportedly  useless  major.	the rest is filled up with accomplishments, and you can accomplish interesting things in any field.
The role of the government in business and society.	society needs rich people to look up to.	i would not rate a selfish person as admirable unless they have helped society to such a degree that it counter balances this selfishness.
Monogamy and ethical considerations in relationships.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	someone tells you they wo not do something and then they do it.
Online Dating and Consumerism.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	we up sell one another all the time.
Criticism of Overly Politically Correct Language and Trolls.	basically you ca not even read/post anything regarding one gender without having people accuse you of being cis sexist and expanding your post to include other genders.	they are doing the same thing as regular trolls but instead of being offensive and cruel they are being overly politically correct and judgmental.
Police protection gear	police can wear teflon vests and other armor to protect themselves.	besides that, the vests do not protect other areas like the head, arms and legs, all of which, as i mentioned previously, can be fatal.
***Possible topic: Possible changes to overtime rules in sports.	how about removing players from each side as more and more overtime is played or allow more substitutes during ot ?	removing players will lead to worsening the problem because atacking players will be more tired and removed first.
Criticism of feminism's impact on women's wellbeing.	the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	i think the first may or may not be true, though ianasociologist and i wo not say for sure except to ask you to introspect on the question.
Abortion and Carelessness.	but lets be honest, there are not even close to a majority of rape and birth defect screeners getting abortions.	vasectomies fail, iuds fail, tubal ligations fail.
Environmental impact of personal lifestyle choices.	or explain to me how replacing my light bulbs impacts oil subsidies or going vegetarian changes industrial farming practices.	your are not going to save the world on your own, but that would be putting the bar a little high, would not it ? you just take your responsibility for what you consume.
Automation and State Ownership of Robots.	eventually, all the jobs will theoretically be gone, then all of the robots need to be owned by the state, otherwise the majority of the populace become nothing more than the property of those that own the robots.	just like how when we replaced horses with cars that we all become property of those who own the cars.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	compared to eternity, that is nothing.
Abortion and Carelessness.	but lets be honest, there are not even close to a majority of rape and birth defect screeners getting abortions.	that men and women who are sure they will never want kids have the opportunity to go for birth control that has the greatest chance of preventing pregnancy.
Evaluation of Economic Policies	his recovery act almost single handedly saved the economy from a depression saving main street, and completing the unpopular tarp bill saved wall street.	there are a lot of things you think are good on this list that someone can fairly think are bad.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	but as you know people who are seriously mentally ill may not be the best judge of themselves.
Men's rights to opt out of child support.	men should be able to opt out of supporting a child.	we would probably have to insist that this notice be a given upon all pregnancies so that fathers are capable of exercising this right we have just given them.
Criticism of environmental hypocrisy regarding private jet usage.	there is no hypocrisy, because no one is advocating the ban of private jets.	nobody is asking for a vow of poverty, he just needs to travel more efficiently on a commercial jet.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	i bet if you did it for an hour, you would find it simple !.
Debate on animals' desire for life.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	if there is a second thing life is about, it is dying, often in very messy ways.
Israeli response to Gaza invasion.	the invasion is terrorism designed to kill civilians and scare gaza into subservience.	how israelis warn civilians: leaflets, phone calls, texts, and dropping duds so they know they are being attacked.
Inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar and alternative options.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	similarly, you ca not have a constant number of days per year or per season, because all of those things change.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	there are entire planets bigger than the earth made completely out of diamond.
The ethics of forfeiting a person's right to live.	the state has the duty to protect the safety of others in society.	what difference does that make to your arguments ? assuming your arguments are valid for sane persons, why would not they not also be true for insane persons ? they too violated the social contract, they too are a treat to society maybe even more so than the sane ones and them too we lock them up so why not just off them while we are at it ?.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	however, that freedom could be maintained with a less strict religion, so that is a moot point.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	if you do not value a big ceremony, do not dare women who want one.
Issues with lack of game criticism in online content creation.	the problem i have, though, most of the time, the uploader is just talking about their day or sopmething that happened in the game, never criticizing or commenting on the games.	most examples of everything are bad.
Existence of unintelligent life on other planets.	i agreed that there is a chance that unintelligent life exists on other planets, maybe even other solar systems since water or evidence of what used to be water was found on mars.	i certainly ca not prove it but if you already acknowledge the strong possibility of  life  outside of our solar system, then it is not hard to believe that somewhere some of it has evolved to meet some criteria of intelligence.
Feminist group's name choice.	i am all for that, but as feminists, why choose a name that now singles out women ?	i think this question is the crux of the issue, and the answer is simple.
Assimilation and Tradition.	i do not think we should try to assimilate into the very tradition that used to discriminate against us for centuries and centuries, its almost like we want to get acceptance by blending in while being accepted for the way we are.	would you agree with this for other things that were traditionally the case ? for example, for a long time women were not allowed to vote, but when they got the right they certainly assimilated into voting and we think that they should have done so.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	donations for breast cancer causes may be significant.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	it is one thing to play song.
Religion and its Impact on Progress and Values.	all over the world, religion is being used as an excuse to carry out evil acts.	were all very devout believers in their religion.
Importance of lectures and exams in academic performance.	the recommended textbook should only used as a study aid, not as a replacement for lectures.	at colleges where exams are only   of the final grades students are able to put more effort into comprehending the material and eventually put more effort into doing better in the course.
Sleeping arrangements after a fight in a heterosexual couple.	let is assume a heterosexual couple gets into a fight because of a mistake the husband made.	when she is mad, and can artificially stay mad for days, i would rather submit, and sleep on the couch than deal with her madness for another day.
Obama's defense of Sony's cyber bullying of Kim Jong Un.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	they put themselves up there in the public eye on purpose, and it is well known and accepted throughout modern history that world leaders will be made fun of.
Achievement and Taking Action	what would  wouldoing my best  achieve that i do not already have ?	as they say,  aim for the moon.
Internet and Social Networking Usage.	or users would just stop using social networking as much.	what do you mean ? do you mean they do not censor content ? if that is what you meant, you are wrong.
Property rights and regulation.	also, who could forget the absolute travesty that was blackwater ?	this is clearly an exemption given by the government to the company on the use of force against other citizens.
Teaching life skills in schools.	people have a responsibility to be able to take care of themselves.	public education exists to benefit our society by creating a standard of knowledge that we can all be assumed to have, and to teach people things that they ordinarily would not learn.
Debate on the Benefits of Reading Books.	a typical argument would be how much more engaging a book is because you are using your imagination to form scenes and develop characters, but i think readers generally take that concept to a level that simply does not exist.	also with a book the writer always controls very precisely what the reader knows.
Refugee right of return and possible solutions.	I don't think refugees have the right of return.	unless this second state of palestine is actually allowed to enter into trade agreements, enforce and allow border policy, allow tax and import at it is discretion which isreal wo not allow then what point is there to a palestinian state ? one state is a better option i think, if interested parties offer to assimilate the refugees that would be super, but forcing it on them is ridiculous.
Corporate liability for death and officer bans.	death: any and all officers active at the time of the incident are permanently banned from participating in that corporation.	essentially, you have done to a company what is done to a person.
Definition of consciousness and its relation to subjective experience.	clarification of terms: i am using  consciousness  here to refer to any kind of subjectivity/awareness/interiority.	if i experience something in a dream that i will never know.
Comparison of Deism and Atheism.	but why is deism more reasonable than atheism, you may be asking.	i believe that deism allows room for science, god and a sense of imperfection to coexist perfectly.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	simple as that.
Lack of specificity in language.	why not just use a word for all.	why in this age of information would you not want to be specific and classify things as best as we can ? because we want to strive to learn more and classify more, instead of dumbing down everything.
Moral and ethical beliefs conflicting with responsibility ascription.	however, i have never been fully able to reconcile my moral and ethical beliefs with the way in which responsibility is ascribed.	can we make up a situation where both victim and rapist are responsible in a similar way for the actual rape ? a mature woman with full knowledge and past experience, in an uncivilised society, could take deliberate actions to cause herself to be raped and then it truly would not be a  zero sum game  as you call it but then it would not be rape either !.
Questioning personal choices and safety.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	these women are not wearing  rape me  signs, so why do you think it is their fault ? does being provocative mean you want to be raped ? does wearing skimpy clothes mean you want to be raped ? sharks are not thinking people, so i would take precautions to reduce my risk.
Assimilation and Tradition.	i do not think we should try to assimilate into the very tradition that used to discriminate against us for centuries and centuries, its almost like we want to get acceptance by blending in while being accepted for the way we are.	in the previous cases, we tend to think that it was the best option.
Israel's invasion of Gaza.	and the invasion of gaza is unjustified as well as impractical.	hamas policies: URL hamas tell palestinians to ignore idf warnings.
Abortion and Risky Pregnancies.	rape   risky pregnancies make up only a fraction of total abortions.	rather than saying  it is my body and this is more convenient , oftentimes it is closer to  it is my body, and this is a healthier choice for me than carrying to term.
Feminism's Impact on Women's Happiness.	the view i would like to be challenged is this: the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	we do not have to have the answers and sometimes thinking you have the answer is actually counter productive, in that it sets you up to view new information through the lens of your assumptions, which can lead you to dismiss important variables as irrelevant or over emphasize the value of weak evidence.
Suppressors and firearm noise reduction.	contrary to what video games tell you, suppressors do not make a firearm completely silent.	therefore, suppressors should not be a controlled item or only require a background check.
Legalization of Racism and its Impact on Free Market	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	and change in thought does not come from a gun to the face.
Gender equality and shared responsibility in society.	i just think that the system should be fair to both sexes.	as in laws, policies, or academic schools of thought that believe that  any  sex  at all  while under the influence of alcohol is  automatically  and  unequivocally  rape, and should be prosecuted as such, regardless of the consent of either party or their history.
The use of vague language in media reporting.	limp words such as that are used by media outlets of all political persuasions in preference to terms that are more informative and accurate, qualities normally appreciated in news coverage.	starting off with the wrong foot are not we ? how is this happening with using more neutral words, specially in a scientific or journalistic setting ? have you ever published an article in any of those settings ? again, more unanswered questions.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	they just learn to stfu about it because it is evident that nobody believes them and nobody gives a shit.
Value of critical thinking and philosophy in society.	over the course of time, a society that values critical thinking and philosophical thought as much as quantitative and linear thought would be a society that would evolve quicker and more efficiently with considerably less conflict and arbitrary systems of control.	public education is not supposed to be a mouthpiece for political opinion.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	pretty much everything republicans do can be explained by the perspective of: they want to destroy the possibility of effective government in order to help the rich and powerful.
Prevention of unhealthy habits.	a smoker working on preventing kids from lighting up is probably right, and even might have a deep insight on the matter.	a true dietitian would take precautions not to be obese.
Limitations of labeling oneself as a "good person"	why not just call yourself a  good person ?	in other words, the label could easily be defensibly appropriated by those taking the contrary position.
Race and Libertarianism.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	homeowner associations will open up segregated housing units and neighborhoods.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	i have got everything i need.
Economic Benefits of Increasing Population.	explain to me why the average person benefits from an increasing population like many economists say ?	due to higher taxes on the rich and a higher minimum wage, the gap between rich and poor is much smaller in nordic countries.
The importance of policy and politics.	neither of these reasons have dick to do with policy.	if you think that voting independent is  throwing your vote away  at least evaluate the two main parties and determine which best suits you do not just not care.
Middle East and colonization.	i think we need to basically recolonize the middle east.	the overwhelming, vast majority of arab muslims both do not give a damn in the world about you but would still not like to see innocent people viciously beheaded.
Advantages of sliced sandwiches.	first, a sliced sandwich is always superior to one that has not been sliced.	rectangular sliced sandwiches provide better access to the middle of the sandwich, and especially allow avoidance of chest hair growing, make a man out of you crusts more effectively.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	this applies to all people, be they religious or not.
Online Dating and Consumerism.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	going to your local electronics store and having to settle for the best of their limited inventory is not something i desire either.
Government transparency and censorship.	if every government told their people everything, there would be constant worry over nothing.	if every government told their people everything, there probably, in the end would not be any need to worry because there would be nothing to hide.
Gifted Education in Societies with Intellectualism Promotion	societies that promote intellectualism ought to promote gifted programs.	gifted students have already shown they are intellectuals and so have achieved what we want.
Patriotism and Job Creation.	many Americans think that creating jobs for americans is morally superior to creating jobs for people of other countries.	in the wake of the recession, almost all politicians have been trumpeting the fact that  we will make more jobs for americans  this is not people thinking that americans having jobs is  amorally superior  it is just people wanting to boost the economy.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	they might think that the  you  applies to they, the reader and not they, the hypothetical police officer, or hypothetical detainee.
Comparison of geometric shapes.	there is no doubt in my mind: the triangle wins.	in fact, many parallelograms can be made out of triangles, while squares are stuck making squares or rectangles.
The pitfalls of researching atheism and religion online.	there are a thousand places, a million internet hits, which one can browse to discover facts on the athiesm/religion debate and even the specific subtopic that was discussed yesterday.	but a cmv is different, it is an arena.
Balancing Work and Personal Life	i do not eat excessively or drink lots of beer at weekend social gatherings.	we are trained to eat when our stomach makes noise at us, no matter what other caloric intake we have that day.
Military Medical School vs. Civilian Path with Loans	my plan was to graduate college and join the ushs the military medical school and become and army doctor. i am also poor and medical school in the military from what i understand pays for smart kids.	so, with nsrgy you will have a net loss in the military compared to a civilian path with loans.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	this is not a men  versus  feminists/women thing like you have set it up to be.
School liability waivers.	in my school, for example, in order to attend we have to sign waivers.	this has resulted in students not having quite the same freedom that they do outside of school.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	why do you think this is ? sometimes pain and happiness mingle and we call it bittersweet as in the case of fond memories of family and friends who have passed.
Restaurant guides and their grading process.	that is a lot of power to give to something that ultimately says nothing at all about the restaurant.	i feel this is important to mention given that you make so much spiel on the  it is just one person is opinion.
Abortion and Fetal Personhood.	the crux of the argument is whether the fetus is a person.	i think most people would agree that if it is a person, it would be immoral to kill it.
Challenges with Arab Muslim perceptions of Westerners.	i understand that not all arabic muslims want my head on a platter, but enough do to constantly have struggles over there.	ignoring the absurdly phenomenal cost of such a proposition, realize that doing so would simply validate the extremists in the region and exacerbate the terrorist threat to far new highs we have yet to see.
Racism and Reclaiming the Word "Nigger"	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	not every black person shares the same view.
Informing B about A's Infidelity.	as a continuation, i believe the right thing for c to do is to inform b of a is infidelity regardless.	if it is the right thing to do, does not that by definition mean it is the moral choice ?.
Criticism of Desktop Design.	as far as i can see, the desktop is a hodgepodge of bad ideas all rolled together.	this is the problem with people that think their use case is the only use case that matters which is why the metro lovers ca not understand why other people do not love their baby.
Balancing Work and Personal Life	i do not eat excessively or drink lots of beer at weekend social gatherings.	my  hour job actually  hours with a lunch break plus hour each way commute means that when i get home, i want to do something that will actually de stress me.
Moral superiority in international relations.	i often hear people say stuff like  we should not stoop to their level , or  we are better than that , or  let is be the bigger man here , when one nation is unjustly hostile to another, or does not behave unfairly.	obviously saudi arabia does not have the cultural leverage you claim it does.
Religion and Logic	i just ca not see how intelligence and logical reasoning can coexist with religious beliefs.	there is nothing really logical about your assumption to the issue about the lack of evidence of god.
Questioning personal choices and safety.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	another thinking person is making the choice to rape someone, and that is wrong.
Theological beliefs regarding the nature of man and God.	but what changes by adding god to the picture ?	and tend toward sin.
Importance of lectures and exams in academic performance.	the recommended textbook should only used as a study aid, not as a replacement for lectures.	no one wants to go through extra effort if they do not immediately see the reward so it is understandable when students do things like   other students do not get much out of mindlessly doing the problems, especially since many of them do it quickly at the last minute before it is due.
Perceptions of the US military during the Iraq War.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	a country does not go to war because its military wants to, a military goes to war because its country tells it to.
Voter ID laws and discrimination against minorities.	i do not believe that the politicians who made voter id laws did so to discriminate against poor minorities.	what is more, the racial and demographic makeup of poor americans is different than middle class or affluent americans, particularly, a large portion of the african american population in the states is poor.
The limitations of ethical consumerism.	in practice, ethical consumerism is used as an excuse to abolish democratically implemented regulations, leaving huge questions the environment, workers rights, and the like to the will of a system that inherently values profit over superficial  ethics .	now i can go to wal mart and get it.
Criticism of Obama's handling of racial tensions.	i think people are very quick to judge someone is actions, obama is recent criticisms along with the martin, brown, and garner, as specific intentions of race baiting.	influence, spread of ideals, more power to his party.
Suicidal thoughts and fear of death.	i genuinely wish i had never been born.	you are not this species.
Quality of displayed food.	the food shown, looks to be healthy but of incredibly low quality.	based on what i see, i do not think it is healthy.
US as a Counter to Tyranny	thus, the us remains the best counter to tyranny in the world.	the us would not give two shits if europe had all gone under the control of ussr, except it would be dangerous politically and economically for them.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	i believe that expensive engagement rings and elaborate wedding ceremonies are a waste of money and only serve to make women feel spoiled and/or special.	not all weddings are about the woman.
Life expectancy and mortality rates in small tribes.	life expectancy was shorter/infant mortality was higher.	you point out some drawbacks in modern life we could agree are bad, but they are much much much better than caveman days and getting better all the time.
Religion's role in governing and the "dark ages".	therefore, the muslim world will never see the abandonment of religion in everyday governing life as a useful long term solution.	the existence of the idea of separation of church and state might have existed at this time, but the separation was not complete, so long as religious cultural opinions were allowed to be expressed through law.
Inherent cognitive biases and misinterpretation of data.	i cannot be sure that i am not inherently designed in a way that forces me to believe falsehoods and misinterpret experiential data.	also, for the cheap delta i will introduce you to tautologies.
Selfishness and societal development.	i do not see any rational reason to put any importance into the development of society or improvement of anyone but your own wellfare, other than for the chemical release that you are rewarded with.	if i give someone else an apple, there is a chemical release that makes me feel good for helping that person.
Fear of Death and Its Impact on Decision Making	i used to be afraid of death, especially when i was a kid/teenager.	you are in the position to understand why people might have an irrational fear of death, but you instead choose to view those people as ignorant or weak.
Geography and national security.	the us is protected by two huge oceans.	can you be more specific ? canada and mexico are not weak.
Criticism of religion's role in causing problems in the world.	when i say that religion in general and islamic in specific causes a lot of problems in today is world, i am seen as a bigot and an islamophobe.	that is because for every shithead  areligious  person doing shitty things, people can find thousands more that do not do a damn thing.
Potential Canadian Geopolitical Changes.	ontario splinters in three or four with the golden horseshoe curving around, putting buffalo and rochester under a common economy with toronto and windsor/detroit finally being unified.	if quebec leaves canada, the rest of canada would remain intact.
Minimum wage and menial work.	the work is usually menial and grueling.	as long as you continue to do that, you will be fine.
Abstraction in Communication	any form of communication with at least one layer of abstraction.	my friend, ballsy fucker he is, decided he would just hand in source code as a poetry assignment.
Bandwidth needs in the commercial marketplace.	now, i know there are some people with big bandwidth requirements those doing some major file sharing, or maybe needing a big pipe for a vpn to work.	consumer is can have a need for higher bandwidth as well and it is more common than you think.
Link between slavery and blackface theatre.	a lot of people are butthurt about slavery, but slavery has no link to any of these traditions.	yeah, it is silly, and i do not know many people doing it.
Importance of challenging students and the benefits of diversity.	secondly, there is danger in leaving any students unchallenged.	i once heard a professor say,  you will rarely get anything out of a student that you did not ask of them.
Social isolation among gamers.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	they seem disconnected from any meaningful interpersonal or artistic experience not easily reduced to tribalistic lines;  this good, that bad,  and are quick to dismiss or even act aggressively toward people who do not share their completely arbitrary allegiances to what are essentially brands, and react instinctively to protect organizations which by any account do not deserve protection.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	imagine an electron located at the center of the universe.
Ethics and Accountability of Insurance Companies	how is insurance companies  need to make a profit a defensible claim for higher premium ?	looking at the driver is sex would still be a decent heuristic for the insurance company to predict how much the person will drive.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	if it is so that we can personally grow and develop, why does not he just give us whose traits when we are born to begin with rather than go through all the hassle and suffering.
Challenges with Rational Thinking in Textual Analysis.	two people saying vastly different things both being considered right hurts my fundamental understand of the way that rational thinking works.	it is incredibly important to understand that other people might have views different to your own and, while it can be very hard to explain or quantify that difference, it does not mean you should not be understanding of them.
Criticism of LGBTQ+ movement's focus on semantics.	because in my most humble opinion, the movement is running itself into the ground with semantics.	to me, the word  queer  has two slightly different meanings.
Moral significance of animals and their killing for enjoyment.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	on top of the reason i have already discussed, you need to provide a much more thorough explanation as to why animals are so significantly morally negligent that involves a comparative neuroscience to humans and animals.
Property rights and regulation.	also, who could forget the absolute travesty that was blackwater ?	who do you think keeps paying for all these prisoners  incarceration ? also this is privatization of an industry.
Making informed decisions versus immediate decisions.	others have the incentive of going with immediate decisions without making an informed choice, which i would reason, ends up in regret.	being unemployed for   months because you keep turning down adequate work is not better than working and earning money for those  months.
Helmet use for cyclists compared to aviation requirements.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	thus the requirement should be less strict.
Benefits of marriage.	aside from financial benefits, i fail to see how marriage really helps a relationship.	well, you just said it yourself financial benefits.
Racial tension and looting in minority communities.	black people are quick to scream prejudice and then turn and loot stores of chinese and indian immigrants for  justice .	there is article URL upon article URL upon article URL of the protesters actually defending the stores from these outsiders.
Societal expectations and objectification of women's bodies.	on a certain level, is not everyone selling their body ?	they have only  years to work in many cases, but their lives are much better than they would have been other wise.
Criticism of Desktop Design.	as far as i can see, the desktop is a hodgepodge of bad ideas all rolled together.	you are effectively saying  things could be better, but i do not know how.
Sexism on Reddit and the push for female-friendly communities.	websites on the internet, like reddit, have the communities called sexist all the time and even now we are seeing a constant push towards making reddit more female friendly see: twoxchromosomes becoming a default subreddit and pushing aside the male demographic.	men do not need a safe space because most of society is safe for them.
Feminism and Egalitarianism in Golf Club Membership.	now, while i consider myself a feminist, i consider myself more so an egalitarian and i believe that all people should be treated equally.	in that sense, i think the club making money from the general public greatly reduced its standing as a purely private club.
Arguing about religion and God.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	actions such as declaring  god hates fags  or flying planes into buildings.
Snoop Dogg criticizing a young rapper's skills.	now snoop is one of the few active og, why the fuck is he gonna go diss a young rapper ?	also nicki did not come out and say anything to iggy, she just said that she writes her own rhymes, and tweeted something that was ambiguous.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	i believe that expensive engagement rings and elaborate wedding ceremonies are a waste of money and only serve to make women feel spoiled and/or special.	also, what is wrong with seeking attention ? if attention makes you feel happy, why deny yourself that ?.
Feminism and Equality Advocacy.	i feel like we can all advocate for equality without having to blame a certain group or overgeneralize a whole gender.	i am not religious, but i respect people is right to religion.
Automation and the Role of the State in Robot Ownership	eventually, all the jobs will theoretically be gone, then all of the robots need to be owned by the state, otherwise the majority of the populace become nothing more than the property of those that own the robots.	good thing we have a healthy financial industry that will give money to people who have reasonable, reliable plans to use it to make more money.
Body positivity and self-improvement for women.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	loving your body does not mean settling.
Poor quality of debate among friends can harm relationships.	the quality of the debate you have with your friends at a dinner table is likely to be much, much poorer than a debate by experts.	so it is better to just agree to disagree from the start and move on to more productive conversations.
Debating the ability to prove historical setbacks.	you can not prove what and who set anyone back and you ca not have serious discussions where the main premise of the discussion is  what if  and  what would happen .	yes, we can prove historically  who set who back  very easily.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	pens are cheaper and more easy to use, certainly, but that is less of an issue for a wizard economy.
The Dark Side of Black Culture and Racism.	c more and more people are acting blacker.	you seem to have a false image on black culture.
Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	that is most likely because you do not really know anything about evolution.
Gender Stereotyping and Gender Identity.	through traditional stereotypes of masculinity and femininity, gender creates a categorization of behaviors, qualities, and images as belonging either to men or women.	a man has masculine properties as well as feminine ones, as does a woman.
Media portrayal of criminals vs average citizens during difficult times.	but why are the cases that are most blasted over the media only focused on thugs ?	if cory maye is case were higher profile, i am sure that we would learn more unpleasant things about him, and you would learn complicated and contradictory things about the sequence of events that lead to him shooting the police officer.
Reasons for having children.	why add to the rapid deterioration of our environment by bringing another human being into existence ?	this is like telling people to take pills to remove our sex drive and perform sex for  only  procreation, not pleasure.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	a few months later, a group rolls into town trying to recruit people to fight against this enemy who blew up your friends and killed/maimed your family.
Gender inclusion in male-dominated fields.	any male based medium ca not seem to exist without the forced assimilation of women into it.	i still do not see women playing sports with men, very few can serve in the infantry, why is this even an issue ? i think it is.
Inconsistencies in the Marvel Universe.	concepts such as rampant mutantphobia, the construction of sentinels, apocalypse, the sh iar, etc are never addressed in, say, captain america.	would not captain america have something to say about sentinels hunting down american citizens ? this happens in any sets of comics that exist in the same universe.
Religion's role in governing and the "dark ages".	therefore, the muslim world will never see the abandonment of religion in everyday governing life as a useful long term solution.	this was also supported by much of the public, because those ideals were actually engrained into the society still.
Back to sleep campaign and flat headedness concerns.	serious negative effects of the  back to sleep  campaign has been the rise in incidence of flat headedness.	how is this at all costly, stressful, or dangerous ?.
Mixing religion and politics in the US.	christian republicans want to legislate their religion and try to do so constantly.	we are supposed to keep secular laws and religious beliefs separate, but that does not usually happen.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	the idea is that individual rights should still apply when you own a business.
Teaching life skills in schools.	people have a responsibility to be able to take care of themselves.	i would say these skills should not be taught in schools because of the way i understand and believe to be true the purpose of public education.
Police control and traffic safety.	if you put a police control outside a club to stop every car, you are checking everyone equally.	if it is an area where people are speeding safely, perhaps it is better to reevaluate the speed limit instead of squeezing drivers for money.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	in my view the most important right is the right to own property, because it is the one that all negative rights are predicated on.
Same-sex marriage and government involvement in marriage.	so not to get hung up on technicalities, but people cite the equal protection clause of the constitution as a basis for the claim of discrimination inherent in same sex marriage bans.	this equally affected black people and white people, who were free to marry within their own race.
Doubt about human and animal evolution based on biblical beliefs.	i do not believe; however, that humans are direct descendents of any species, and i do not believe that birds and dogs for example had any common ancestor.	to one extent, i believe this because of the biblical narration that man was created in god is image and that multiple forms of plants/animals were created simultaneously.
Judging books by their covers.	you can judge a book by its cover.	that is a bad technique in my opinion.
Investment in Boarding Schools in USA.	investing on such boarding schools is not a big deal for countries like usa.	it is all very well to advocate government spend money on nice things such as schooling or healthcare while bemoaning them spending money on nasty things like wars, but the conflation of the two is often clumsy.
Scottish independence and cultural identity.	there is no real ethnic or cultural difference between scots and other brits.	failing to allow them to secede is oppressive in itself.
Economic progress and potential job loss.	If the policy is implemented, workers will have nowhere to go but to the unemployment line.	agriculture, manufacturing, and services have been getting better literally for milennia.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	it is reasonable to have laws against thievery.
Challenges of having a national language for government documents.	a national language helps bind national unity.	making english the official language would not suddenly make everyone fluent speakers, nor would it likely lower the number of people who do not speak english.
The role of the government in business and society.	society needs rich people to look up to.	when large amounts of tax are avoided it means the government services that businesses rely upon will degrade.
Real Names and Consequences for Online Behavior	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	forcing people to use their real names when posting online is not a deterrent to that shit, since many people are proud to have those types of shitty opinions, or simply do not really care that people can see that they are posting that.
The mindset that violence is always wrong.	i do not mean people who think violence should be a last resort, because that is pretty much everyone.	in fact they will call themselves  hypocrites for fighting  since it would require them to act against what they consider truth of human nature.
Challenging students in public education system.	there is danger in leaving any students unchallenged.	that should be done outside the public education system because we, as a society, do not directly gain anything for more a   students.
Freedom of speech and regulations.	i should be able to say what i want.	in contrast, under our fos scheme, we have tons of viewpoints in our  amarketplace  that are constantly being probed at, falsified and analyzed.
Cultural Appropriation in Hip Hop Music.	white guys and chicks are all listening to hip hop,slurring their words, putting on a blacker accent and using more black words like  ratchet  or  twerk .	you claim that you only meant racist in the same way that dark skin is technically racist.
The concept of being an ally.	in essence, declaring yourself to be an ally outsources your moral reasoning to the group with which you have allied, and i cannot imagine any reason to do that.	but the term ally means that i have decided that i should not have a say in the way the movement is conducted.
Ethics and Accountability of Insurance Companies	how is insurance companies  need to make a profit a defensible claim for higher premium ?	even if the cause is unknown, statistics are still useful for determining risk.
Cats' behavior towards humans.	cats feel no empathy, remorse or respect towards humans.	when i left to go to college and did not see her for six months, she sprinted to me and jumped on my lap as soon as i got home at christmas.
Cultural Appropriation in Hip Hop Music.	white guys and chicks are all listening to hip hop,slurring their words, putting on a blacker accent and using more black words like  ratchet  or  twerk .	in fact, you have no coherent position on the matter, since you keep switching it up and contradicting yourself.
The ethics of suicide and society's role in prevention.	my view is that suicide is your last right which cannot be taken away without complete captivity and dehumanizing restraints.	a temporary affliction that significantly alters the behavior of its host in irrational and regrettable ways.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	you may or may not have electricity/running water.
Misuse of the term "terrorist" and its consequences.	terrorist implies a simple good vs evil narrative which never applies in the real world.	propaganda is spread by governments.
The mindset that violence is always wrong.	i do not mean people who think violence should be a last resort, because that is pretty much everyone.	deep compassion or empathy for another is viewpoint which merits consideration what is motivating another is actions.
Cost comparison of fast food and healthy food.	fast food is actually relatively expensive in comparison to healthy foods.	the room is a big problem in many poor family, the equipment can present a substantial upfront investment especially if you rarely cooked before and do not know how much money you can save, already talk about time and it is probably one of the biggest problem and finally even if the knowledge needed to cook simple things is very limited it is still pose a problem to many people, either because they do not know it is simple or they have trouble with simple instruction i saw someone set on fire pastas, i did not even know it was technically possible lastly and in my opinion the more important : instant gratification.
Demand and Job Creation.	however, demand is a blunt want, not a constructive force.	businesses are formed to take advantage that resource, although the larger and better funded ones can often shape demand or uncover new demands.
Philosophy on Asceticism and Personal Responsibility.	most people are not, and should not be, ascetics who withdraw from the world.	most people who meditate are not withdrawing from the world.
***Possible topic: Reasons for an alien species to avoid making contact with humans.	but an alien species could collect an enormous amount of data from long distance visual observation and monitoring are telecommunication networks.	the whole hollywood idea of aliens tuning into our broadcasts isnt true.
Comparison of rap lyrics to other genres.	there are plenty of examples given from rappers who are very conscious and clever, but even those hardly ever say anything i feel holds a candle to good lyrics from other genres.	let me start by clarifying that i am speaking of good rap.
Personal definition of success and self-reliance.	my idea of success is having a roof over my head, a steady supply of food, one used car, and a way to obtain the small salary, and also to have remaining spending money to entertain myself.	if i had gotten legit certified in welding, crane operation, making blueprints, and if i include all the shit i did around the warehouse and office including ac repair, plumbing i mean installing plumbing systems, not just fixing a leak , some it work, or any of the type of electrical work i did, i would have been able to find a job comparable to the $ $k i was making at the end, if not a boat load more.
Feminist group's name choice.	i am all for that, but as feminists, why choose a name that now singles out women ?	look at how pakistan or india respond to sexual assault, or the frequency of actually killing female babies in china because families want sons.
Men's desire for sex and prostitution.	one reason i believe this, is that men patronize prostitutes in significant numbers and men are willing to trade things of real value like money in order to get sex.	they assume much much more risk when engaging in sex than men do.
The discomfort of oral sex.	giving head is trading your discomfort for your lover is pleasure.	could not you replace  head  in this context with any sexual act ? anal ? water sports ? scat play ? bdsm ? pegging ? everyone draws the line somewhere, and for some people that is oral sex.
Role and Goals of HOAs.	one of the main goals of an hoa are to help maintain or even increase the value of the homes in the neighborhood by preventing people from doing things that would lower property values.	hoas are filling a role that there are already multiple other people trying to fill.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	it may sound complicated, but all this stuff happens within a few seconds in your brain.
Two-state solution and Israeli annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the two state solution, israel would have to treat a palestine, as a country, with sovereignty.	i believe that israel has no right to explicitly support a single ethnicity or religion.
"Piracy in the Music Industry"	the music industry has brought piracy on itself.	although they may be risking the safety of their computer, the risk would not be that high, and cumulatively the payoff is greater if you choose to download lots of music.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	the story we hear about abortions is that people were not being careful.
Age requirements for military service and drinking.	i also believe that if you are old enough to serve your country and die in the military, you are sure as hell old enough to drink a beer.	i say keep the drinking age at  and raise the military age to  also.
Criticism of blaming whites for problems in Detroit.	i am treated like a kkk member when i criticize black people.	is the city fucked up because black people live there ? or do black people live there because the city is fucked up ? since they are black, they have this  undeserved shitty reputation  as you note.
Misconceptions about Bitcoin's use in drug trafficking.	one of the biggest users of bitcoin was silk road, the drug trafficking organization in the us.	if they try to cash out at an exchange with their name on it, the trail can be easily traced.
Dislike towards people who are pro-violence.	indeed, anybody who is  pro violence  i automatically dislike.	help us all become more like you ! otherwise, it may be helpful to try and understand that judging someone too quickly and without sufficient information is what racism, sexism, and all the other isms you try to disassociate yourself from in your op rely on.
Religion and the concept of God.	if god created us in his image, why is he considered good when we are a violent species ?	the all powerful being can simply decide to never destroy a certain wall and to never know the contents of a certain box.
Personal views on feminism and equality.	after studying feminism in an academic setting, there were many ideas i agreed with and many i disagreed with.	it would be breathtaking to claim that only academic feminism, as practiced in the us and some other western countries, is the only valid thing that could be called feminism.
"Piracy in the Music Industry"	the music industry has brought piracy on itself.	they would make less per download but sell much more music.
Problems with BYOD in schools and benefits of school-owned technology.	there are many other problems that byod could cause, such as cheating, distractions, resistance from those who hate change, spying, and overall forcing students to integrate technology even deeper into their lives.	it is up the teachers to prevent cheating, the technology has been around for a while and teachers are adapting to the new technology.
Job Creation and Nationalism	many Americans think that creating jobs for americans is morally superior to creating jobs for people of other countries.	at it is core this is a question of economics and economies function like other systems: their contents can flow in or out and when you as an american choose to create jobs somewhere outside of america you are hurting the american economy by choosing not to help it.
Influence of culture on sexuality and behavior.	i believe the culture in which a person lives can influence at least some people to be gay/bi/pedofilic.	my point is that people is actions do not necessarily show what is in their heart.
Women's willingness to give up something for sex.	i ca not think of any scenario in which women are willing to give up something of significant value in order to get sex.	a woman who wants sex a lot can get it without paying for it.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	an example of variation would be an economic downturn.
American interventionism and democracy promotion.	why should only our citizens get these rights if we can help it.	we feel as though we have the duty to spread democracy and we are constantly interfering in foreign conflicts in order to impose our beliefs upon other nations.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	by allowing my so to sleep with others she has to decide and i trust her with this.
Subjectivity in religious theories and science.	religious theories are not made by objective measurements of an environment we only know from our observations.	subjecitivity is a taboo in science.
Acting and Hollywood roles.	same is true with a lot of modern art.	indeed, it seems to be the minority, considering how much popular music is a  chord progression.
Tipping servers and minimum wage.	serving food to customers is part of the server is job description and i am not required to tip other minimum wage workers following their job descriptions for providing their time and service.	many servers do not actually get comped to pull them up to min wage if their tips do not put them over the line.
Tolerance and morality in society.	but conservative societies do not have to tolerate liberal members.	i am not arguing for or liberalism or conservatism, i am just trying to illustrate a flaw i see inherant in the above mentioned mentality.
Comparison of Creationism and Evolution.	meanwhile creationism in my experience has nothing in its favor.	oh and dating methods of all kinds of things are flawed.
Use of force in a situation.	you should only use the minimum amount of force as is necessary to escape the situation.	i am going with the last one first, as it ties in to the rest.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	only if you and your husband created a new name that you both adopted would you be  creating  a new family name.
Dangers of smoking marijuana.	not only that but studies have shown that marijuana is just as likely, if not more likely to cause cancer then smoking cigarettes is.	you are smoking something, but there are dangers with any drug.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	the only actual information we do not process in a mathematical way, are things we exclusively do consciously; making decisions, solving complex problems, and oddly enough actual maths.
Libertarian stance on racism and personal/business freedom.	libertarians publicly acknowledge that racism is a bad thing.  yet go ahead and declare that anybody should be allowed to actively practice racism in business and in personal life.	eg, i think racism is bad, but i would be unwilling to endorse, say, public hanging of racists.
Comparison between beer and wine.	there are more things you can vary with beer than you can with wine.	a particularly harsh winter might mean that that year is grapes are particularly fruity, but in short supply hence a high price on that year is wine stock.
Legalization of Racism and its Impact on Free Market	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	this was in montana.
Gender roles and stereotypes in sexual behavior.	i really want to start thinking that men could also be considered a whore and that a woman can be a player.	at the end of the day, having sex or not having sex does not make someone a better or worse person, so the  slut vs player  definition is ultimately meaningless.
Grading based on handwriting in engineering.	a core of engineering is about communicating.	what about heavy accents ? should we remove marks because its hard to understand them through their foreign accents ? should we also grade them on looks or how neat their clothes are ? presentation and professionalism is also part of engineering too.
The Definition of Sports and Extracurricular Activities.	now, for some reason, there has been a strange push in the last decade or so to define just about any and all extracurricular activities as sports, especially in high schools.	but the ones that compete, doing pyramids, tumbling routines, throws/catches that is a dangerous activity that should be overseen by a paid, trained, and experienced coach.
Environmental impact of personal lifestyle choices.	or explain to me how replacing my light bulbs impacts oil subsidies or going vegetarian changes industrial farming practices.	that does not diminish the fact that reducing your energy use will be part of the solution.
Debate on the Purpose of Organic Farming.	organic farming is supposed to be about creating an alternative to the unsustainable industrial agricultural system.	the epa initially recommended that farmers keep a full  of their fields planted with non gmo seed in order to encourage mating between bt resistant and non bt resistant pests, but many of these guidelines were not followed and were resisted by monsanto.
Racism and Society's Segregation.	tell me why the society that condones racism is  better , especially for minorities.	as society becomes more segregated, racism will become normalized once again and we will be right back in the social situation of .
Criticism of LGBTQ+ movement's focus on semantics.	because in my most humble opinion, the movement is running itself into the ground with semantics.	that is unfortunate, but it does happen even without the  lgbti  acronym, and that is exactly the sort of thing the movement is looking to stop.
Debate on animals' desire for life.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	this is a pretty tall claim that you bring no evidence to the table to support.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	if you are in heavy traffic, that bike is leaving you in the dust, or only preventing you from stepping on the gas and braking  feet later.
Gender-neutral bathrooms and potential concerns.	as trans/queer gendered people are coming out and becoming more accepted, distinguishing between two genders for the bathroom just reinforces a gender binary that could potentially alienate them.	we just  are , and it is not a bad thing at all.
The art of magic and suspension of disbelief.	there is suspension of disbelief, not only for that magician but then for all magicians.	tv magic is entertaining to many people.
Misogyny in the gaming community.	with all the quinnspiracy and gamergate bullshit going on, i have come to the conclusion that gaming community of reddit is full of misogynistic neckbeards who are unable to take any critique.	for example, i know i can be arrogant, dismissive, and emotionally detached which rubs people the wrong way sometimes.
Racial profiling and discrimination by police.	but if the same policeman finds a black kid with facial tattoos, a thick accent and pants around his knees we see that kid go to jail.	daddy calls the family lawyer who works out a nice deal where the kid is ultimately released with little to no punishment.
Challenges with societal gender norms and definitions.	the problem lies not within people  being born in the wrong skin , but within society is narrow definitions of men and women and of masculinity and femininity.	the run to sex as some  universal solution  does not change anything, because it is by and large already the standard most people use, or at least think they do.
Limitations of investing time in social and technological movements.	so, in choosing between investing one is time in creating a potentially revolutionary social and technological movement vs.	if there is  chance i will develop something fantastic, then yes, it is worth my time.
Societal expectations and objectification of women's bodies.	on a certain level, is not everyone selling their body ?	women are typically judged by an ability to marry and have children.
Spanking as a consequence for young children's actions.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	to a young child that is making connections, they will connect  being caught  with being spanked.
Gender and Advice Giving.	if you ask a man, however, you will get more useful advice.	because as a man in our current western society, your approach to getting dates will be more similar to that of another man than that of a woman.
Gender equality in accountability for actions while intoxicated.	, if a man is held responsible for his actions while intoxicated should not a woman be as well.	is not this common sense ? i am not saying if someone got her drunk against her will i mean if she made the decision to drink alcohol both sexes are responsible for their behavior while drunk.
Gender and Sentencing Disparities.	furthermore, adolescent boys are often physically bigger and stronger than older women, so feelings of coercion in that respect are not as pronounced if the genders were switched.	there is nothing physical about these factors, but they lead to an imbalanced power dynamic where the adult is almost always the one in control of a given situation.
Benefits of colonization.	of course, i am speaking of only the good things about colonization.	the europeans just drew arbitrary lines that did not respect any of the local cultures and just forced everyone to fall in line with their new  identities.
Lack of Restrictions for Bicyclists on Public Roads.	if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	cyclists are just following the by laws.
Freeloaders in Socialism.	socialism allow a certain number of people to be freeloaders.	what i will do is drop a comparison between cuba and the united states.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	in my physics class you earn points, they are not taken away.
Issues with lack of game criticism in online content creation.	the problem i have, though, most of the time, the uploader is just talking about their day or sopmething that happened in the game, never criticizing or commenting on the games.	also, except for a very scant few, most games are derivative works anyway.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	the world constantly shits all over charlie brown and his friends mostly do not care or find it entertaining.
Criticism of the Last Republican President's War Actions.	the last republican president started two wars that killed thousands of americans and hundreds of thousands of foreigners.	blaming the gop is just ignorant at this point.
Police officers' good and bad acts.	for every bad act a police officer is caught doing, i am sure there are thousands of more good acts.	every time a police officer is seriously injured or passes, they get tons of positive media coverage.
Driving regulations and traffic flow.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	i am almost never impeding traffic, in fact, i find that vehicles impede me more than anything.
Dangers of religion and ideology.	religion and ideology can cause normal people to do horrible things.	everybody else can point to a bunch of other christians and muslims that are decidedly doing the exact opposite.
Appreciation for magic tricks and the importance of mystery.	working out how the magic trick was done is half the fun for me and i think most people .	it even spoils the fun for magicians who do magic without camera tricks as people suspect it might be.
Conservation and Hunting of Endangered Species.	we do not prioritize the environment and society nearly enough and i would rather be too harsh than not harsh enough and destroy one of the few and possibly only life supporting planets in the universe.	your argument should not be against the usa.
Grading and Approaches in Math, Science, and Humanities Courses.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	you must understand the material, and if you miss days that means catching up.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	you had to make  a whole new game.
License requirements in residential zones.	licenses should not have to be required for residential zones.	this should help pay for road improvements to ensure they have a safe lane.
Justification for a preemptive strike.	the attacker could just be waiting to recoup and attack again, especially as vengeance for being bested.	does your assailant just give up any moral rights by attacking you.
Charities and CEO Salaries.	many charities that you may donate to pay their employees and ceo is ridiculous salaries.	legally, sure, but how could you morally justify to own huge amounts of money as an individual and just spend it on yourself ? think about money in terms of how many people you can employ for how long, simply to service you.
Accessibility to affordable healthcare.	there is no good reason why people ca not directly pay for routine check ups, simple medical treatment e. g.	women who are already impoverished, and thus ca not afford bc, would benefit greatly from bc provided through aca health coverage.
Morality of the Second World War	the second world war can be seen as a black and white moral struggle against monstrously oppressive forces.	fascism in europe happened much in the same way ww happened.
Ethics of avoiding animal-derived products.	if you choose to avoid things that are derived from the cruel treatment of living things, then you could also make a similar argument pertaining to plants.	we have pesticides that protect our crops.
Living in a swing state and its policy decisions.	but outside of statistics, let is say that you do live in a swing state; policy decisions regarding taxation, spending, the military, legalization of substances, etc.	as a practical example from my country the uk , local governments run by labour have continually increased the amount liable to be paid in council tax, whilst conservative led administrations have honoured a pledge to freeze council tax.
Impact of Global Recession on Europe	but the recession was, which most people ignore, global, and europe was hit the hardest.	spain, ireland, greece, france, italy, all had a much worse time of it than we did.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	there is equal solid, empirical proof none for both sides: is there a god or is not there ? at that point, you then are making a different value judgment.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	even if a tablet is  reliable book still wins.
Wearing watches vs using smartphones for time telling.	most people already have switched from wearing watches to using their smartphones for time telling.	digital clocks are better since its faster to read the minutes as a number.
False accusation of rape.	if someone accuses a person of something as serious as rape, that person is life is now turned upside.	it was not until a couple more allegations this year that his image turned negative.
Conflicting views on acceptance of homosexuality.	you speak of peace yet not everyone has come to think well of homosexuals.	peace  will never be perfect due to the variability of life, but it absolutely  is  possible given enough time and proper advancement/training.
Criticism of Miss America pageant.	but i do not understand why these pageants are accepted and even celebrated.	that is the logic you are using here.
Limitations of human perception and reliance on science.	the truth is, our perception of our environment is very limited.	we measure whatever we observe and put that into a theory.
Political stance on healthcare and abortion.	republicans would also like to take away the ability to have safe, clean abortions from my friends who are ciswomen.	no, they want to prevent your friends from taking away the life of another.
Criticism of Subsidy System and Taxation on Productivity.	our subsidy system for poor people especially regarding reproduction has grown the ranks of the poor by millions.	! ? ! additional taxes and discrimination on the productive also serve the effect of discouraging this behavior rich people are not charged more for being  more productive.
Non-binary gender identity and terminology preferences.	who do not perfectly fit into little stereotype gender roles.	gender  identity  is a biological thing and related to development of the brain.
Cost of infrastructure maintenance and tax payment.	and the infrastructure that predates my tax paying years, i am still paying for the maintenance of.	so how, and what, do i  owe  them ? its not those people you are paying back, its the people who previously paid for the bridge.
Challenges of relying on network availability and speed.	and often harder to use on for the user.	you then design an application that works in a decentralized manner, finding other peers and verifying things to satisfaction among those peers when needed   harder to implement client server is only easier because it is been around longer.
Gradation of punishment based on BAC level.	we need a gradation of punishment, where the punishment is worse the higher your bac.	you can only guess at your bac, subjectively estimating how drunk you are.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	with an ever increasing population, how will you create more and more space for solar and wind farms.
Password management tools.	there days, the typical internet user needs to remember a whole list of passwords.	i use a password manager that can auto type the passwords for me.
Coursework procrastination and monitoring.	some students see the deadline of the coursework and decide to start doing the coursework on that day.	but challenging them is the best way for them to get better.
Categorization of beliefs and behavior.	however, by my understand of the definitions, a person must fall into one of the two categories either in their professed beliefs or by their behavior.	agnosticism/gnosticism is another separate dichotomy.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	it is probably pretty rare that a person can control all aspects of money with no say from their partner without something being damaging, distrust building, etc.
Uncle's job as a cop dealing with domestic violence.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	how the fuck do you people expect cops to be so damn perfect ? ! not perfect, just to follow the law, and be accountable to the same things we are held accountable for.
Beauty standards and body image.	is real beauty not being thin, even though you may happen to have a high metabolism or eat healthy foods ?	women of any size can be active and can eat healthy food.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	look at the funding men get for sexuality.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	it is taken with other information such as age, health status, and symptoms to decide if the patient should try to lower cholesterol to lower their risk of cardiovascular problems.
Challenges with societal gender norms and definitions.	the problem lies not within people  being born in the wrong skin , but within society is narrow definitions of men and women and of masculinity and femininity.	it still thinks that people must rigidly exist in one side or the other of that binary.
Gifted Education in Societies with Intellectualism Promotion	societies that promote intellectualism ought to promote gifted programs.	if they or their parents find that a priority, then they can  challenge  themselves outside of the public education system.
Belief in God and personal stance on religion.	i mean god as a supreme being/entity who is all knowing, all powerful, and created the universe.	heaven and hell are not mutually inclusive with the idea of god; they are constructs unique to christianity, and plenty of religions acknowledge the idea of a god without the idea of heaven and hell.
The social effects of identifying as a gamer.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	many people seem to develop a certain disdain for their peers and, in my opinion, would benefit greatly from team activity.
Israeli response to Gaza invasion.	the invasion is terrorism designed to kill civilians and scare gaza into subservience.	in addition, israel has offered many humanitarian pauses and cease fires all of which hamas has ignored or broken by firing rockets into israel.
Dealing with a friend's personal problems.	i think her problems are due to her own issues, and its unreasonable for her to drag me into her own problems.	let is split this up into the two questions you are really asking.
Debating the ability to prove historical setbacks.	you can not prove what and who set anyone back and you ca not have serious discussions where the main premise of the discussion is  what if  and  what would happen .	for example,   million people died in the thirty years war between protestant and catholic states in europe.
Helmet use for cyclists compared to aviation requirements.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	those requirements are based on potential risk/harm calculation.
One-state solution and annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the one state solution, palestinians, would have a  right to vote  on israeli policies.	i believe that in order to maintain a jewish state with at least some semblance of secular democracy they must support a two state solution while indeed establishing new  facts on the ground  that will inevitably result in driving or wiping out palestinians in gaza and the west bank.
Regretting tattoos obtained at a retreat.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	it really depends.
Effectiveness of shooting as self-defense.	you are not going to stop an intruder or attacker with poorly aimed shots after all.	if i am in my hallway and an intruder is on the other side, i could be blind folded and still hit and stop the intruder.
Influence of culture on sexuality and behavior.	i believe the culture in which a person lives can influence at least some people to be gay/bi/pedofilic.	my second point is on biology.
Overpopulation and Climate Change.	every new person contributes to anthropogenic climate change.	bringing potential persons into the world is, at present, detrimental to actual persons.
Social Security and Medicare in the United States.	well, right off the bat, my grandmother and i live in the united states and a good chunk of my paycheck goes to social security and medicare.	same with medicare you are putting money in now, but you will get it back later if you need it when you get old.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	when you pull in, you ca not swing the rear of your car further out if you miscalculated your initial trajectory.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	as /u/garnteller pointed out, evangelicals believe that you are literally bound for an eternity of suffering if you die without christ.
Benefits of Strength Training in Fitness.	with a good dose of cardio and flexibility training.	anyone who does any sort of sport incorporates strength training generally barbell training into their training  regimen.
Musical talent comparison between Page and Peart.	no one picks up a guitar and shreds solos like page.	he even wrote a fucking song about how much he hates it.
Comparison of animal and human slavery.	his  owner  can literally make him do anything and if he does not, he is punished and will possibly die of starvation.	you are missing that a slave owner could rape, torture, and keep imprisoned their slaves.
Comparison of Racism and Heightism	racism and height ism are both a form of sociopathy, because instead of people, you just see cartoon cutouts based on your prejudices, and that allows you to be horrible to them.	women in particular generally prefer taller partners, that is just a fact of how attraction works.
Amorality of Company Actions.	any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	as you age you gather the ability to work and the skills necessary to complete it.
Comparison of wartime atrocities and Nazi genocide.	the atrocities that the german army commited are similar to those commited by other armies in other wars.	no one before or since has  industrialized  genocide quite like the nazis.
The flaws of the electoral college system and local elections.	i think the electoral college system sucks balls.	in fact, your local election likely involves a lot of races that will effect you in a more direct way than you think.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	even just  years ago it was culturally acceptable to declare a duel to settle a dispute whereas now it is not.
Misuse of the term "terrorist" and its consequences.	terrorist implies a simple good vs evil narrative which never applies in the real world.	say a news reporter says,  a terrorist wearing a bomb vest blew up a cafe in israel today.
Freeloaders in Socialism.	socialism allow a certain number of people to be freeloaders.	i would argue that has nothing to do with freeloaders as you define it, but it is certain that these people have to survive  somehow  and it is not from legal work.
Moving large objects or heavy lifting.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	i doubt anyone is buying a brand new truck just to move.
Vegetarianism and Animal Rights	the way we treat all animals are simply ignored by vegetarians.	to become a vegetarian does little that will change the overall treatment animals.
Corporate Priorities and Employee Retention in Big Tech Companies.	my view is that publicly owned companies run their business model by focusing on their shareholders first, their customers second, and their employees and assets last.	also, i know it does not seem like it, but sometimes its more profitable to be an employee than to be a shareholder when the share price goes down.
Challenges of mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.	why are we trying to push btc mainstream ?	a larger percentage of the world is unbanked.
The limited success of college football players in going pro.	the free education argument does not fly either.	i would have jumped all over an athletic scholarship in hockey if it meant i could have got my degree for free while playing the game i love.
Barriers to communication for the deaf community.	the use of a sign language is central to deaf cultural identity.	most hearing people out there will be strangers to me forever due to the language barrier, it is simply too much effort for most people to talk via texting, writing, im, etc.
Perception of Reality and Universality of Sweetness	that is to say that nobody is brain is selected for directly perceiving reality.	only selected for perceiving elements of reality that relate to survival and promotion of genes.
Nature of human rights and moral constructs.	i believe all rights given to any human are social constructs, produced by society from moral structures determined by a multitude of factors.	a broad definition of rights are:  rights are entitlements not to perform certain actions, or not to be in certain states; or entitlements that others not perform certain actions or not be in certain states.
Acceptance of Previously Criticized Groups	there are a lot of movements for accepting previously criticized groups such as fat acceptance, nerd acceptance, .  you get the idea.	went from  criticized  to  previously criticized  although i would say they still are frequently criticized ? what mechanisms do you think were used to create acceptance for these groups ? perhaps it was.
Vegetarianism and Animal Rights	the way we treat all animals are simply ignored by vegetarians.	i already had a dog when i went vegan, so i choose to bite the bullet and pay for meat products for now.
Treatment of drug addiction as a public health issue.	i think that drug addiction should be treated as a public health issue rather than a criminal problem.	anytime you make welfare harder to get, you will probably save money.
Controversy over abortion and fetal viability.	i watched a girl i worked with drink and smoke her way to a miscarriage when she had twins and then have an abortion.	sounds like you might have been in some small position to, but did not.
The use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	the word nigger was said against black people with such hate and racism and if we adopt that word, if we reclaim it, then no one can ever hurt us with it again.
Comparison of wind, solar, and nuclear power.	wind and solar power are great but nuclear power is more reliable and produces far more power.	is not that only dependant on installed capacity ? energy rois for nuclear can actually be worse than for wind !.
Foreign policy and government services in the US.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	the examples of neutral foreign policy you list also, extremely conveniently, benefit heavily from the stability of the nato alliance.
The aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	i have seen old people with great looking tattoos.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	as a matter of law, it may have in fact been correct not to indict pantaleo.
Controversy surrounding Tupac's legacy and rape case.	tupac garners as much respect as he does is symptomatic of massive immaturity in certain parts of the hip hop community.	well, tupac is the best selling rapper in history would count him as main stream.
LGBT representation in resources for intersex children and parents.	but when we are dealing with young children and their parents, there is a concern that the association with lgbt would drive away parents of intersex children who would otherwise seek out information and resources about intersex conditions.	i would like to respond to your post from the perspective of a cisgender gay man.
School liability waivers.	in my school, for example, in order to attend we have to sign waivers.	i believe these waivers are mostly symbolic and a way to convince you not to question the searches.
Parenting and underage drinking.	drinking age is a fairly well known number.	in a lot of places it is not illegal if the alcohol is consumed in the home of a parent/guardian and under their supervision.
Feminism and Equality Advocacy.	i feel like we can all advocate for equality without having to blame a certain group or overgeneralize a whole gender.	think about what you are saying here.
Economic policy regarding import and export.	if we export money, we lose that money from our economy.	they would run out of money, would they not ? why would our country be any different ? if imports   exports, we lose wealth.
Concerns about social division with BYOD in schools.	my biggest concern with byod in schools is increased social division.	the teacher first and foremost needs to make sure everyone can access the same material ie: going onto a certain website vs.
Importance of having trustworthy representatives in government.	the people are the boss who hire the representatives to run their precious country.	people are fickle, which is why their opinion should be crystallized into a leader for a few years to give them time for calm reflection.
Perceptions of the US military during the Iraq War.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	service members have no say in either of these things except in their capacity as voters and taxpayers.
Social isolation among gamers.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	i realize that i may not be able to easily connect with these people socially because we do not share a common interest, but even in watching the interaction of those who i know to play video games on a daily basis with others there is noticeable discomfort when they speak with people they do not know.
Gender equality and reproductive rights.	if women are given control over their reproductive system contraception she is able to control the balance of power much more.	even if  contraception were freely available, it does not combat the traditional gender roles that seem to be the real view you want changed.
The profitability of esports.	think about how cringe worthy that sounds if you did not have any interest in the game.	any other reason for it needing to be mainstream is just an attempt by people who are ashamed to admit they like it, attempting to validate it to uninterested parties.
Debate on Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	second, its not how genetics works.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	the rich and powerful cannot stay that way without an effective government.
The never-ending nature of wars on terror, crime, and poverty.	the problem with the war on terror is there will never be an end.	but it is a tool that people are willing to use.
Controversy surrounding Tupac's legacy and rape case.	tupac garners as much respect as he does is symptomatic of massive immaturity in certain parts of the hip hop community.	he was a posthumus crossover sensation, so it is better to say music as a whole rather than just the  rap  community.
The limitations of commitment in marriage.	no one can make a commitment that lasts forever, no matter how much people fool themselves that that is what marriage is.	if the best thing is to part ways, then you should come to that decision together.
Voting and Political Thinking	i want to vote for someone who i would actually want to hold that office.	the reason this is called the  do nothing  congress is because if they ca not have everything they want, they wo not do anything at all.
Internet pricing and usage.	if i do not use the internet that often, why should i pay more ?	cloud storage, video streaming, and online gaming are becoming the norm, developed and marketed with the expectation that anyone with a net access can freely use them.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	a lot less likely  is misleading, for one.
Snoop Dogg criticizing a young rapper's skills.	now snoop is one of the few active og, why the fuck is he gonna go diss a young rapper ?	maybe because he thinks she is whack ? she has bad raps, and she does not even write them, she is not real, and has no skills.
Authenticity of songs used for product advertisement.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	i take issue with the presumption that songs are always written as personal expressions of emotion.
Definition of Universal Rights.	to clarify, i am defining a  right  as a guarantee of access to a commodity or state of being, without necessarily referring to a legal structure.	however, all of these rights can be removed in some way, and are not somehow intrinsically given to a human at birth.
Speeding and Traffic Safety.	if we all obeyed them, traffic would come to a crawl.	are you really in that much of a hurry that driving  mph on the highway is  impractical  and a waste of time ? you would be wasting even more time if your reckless speeding caused you to get in an accident.
Selfishness and societal development.	i do not see any rational reason to put any importance into the development of society or improvement of anyone but your own wellfare, other than for the chemical release that you are rewarded with.	for example, if i eat an apple, there is a chemical release in my brain that represents the taste of the apple, a chemical release caused by the sensation of being full, and future chemical releases caused by the health benefits.
Police brutality and accountability.	almost daily we hear of police shooting and killing unarmed and unthreatening citizens along with animals.	once again, source ? you have to remember that cases of police abuse are not settled right away.
Criticism of societal conformity and its consequences.	in real life if you point out that the emperor lacks clothing, the emperor and everyone pretending to see otherwise decide to hate you, yell at you, and may try to kill you.	i do not think people get  mad  at hearing this, they would disagree, but they would hardly become angry.
Challenges of not being able to vote in politics.	not voting is also works against me since i remove any say on representation in politics.	any other hands on that ballot and you are no longer the person being represented.
Voter ID laws and discrimination against minorities.	i do not believe that the politicians who made voter id laws did so to discriminate against poor minorities.	given the fact that the us is a republic, a system of government designed to protect minorities from the oppression of the majority, it seems sort of odd to be doing just that.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	which is incorrect.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	sure, i might not have had to sacrifice my body for an emotional victory, but there were a lot of moments where something epic had been pulled off and we all sat back and had a similar emotional response.
Parasitic Strategies in Politics and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	to be blunt, the rich need a functioning government/democracy and all these other thing more than the poor and middle class.
Behavioral expectations in public settings.	but when i am in the office, or on the street, or in a store, or around a stranger that i do not know i will act with decorum and respect because that is what civilized adult human beings do.	i think what you were trying to say is that it is what civilized adult human beings  should  do, but that is a highly subjective, value based statement.
Gender and Sexuality.	well, my husband takes pride in his appearance and is pretty metrosexual but no one would consider him queer.	to me, the word  queer  has two slightly different meanings.
Employer's right to terminate employees for undesirable behavior.	if an employer hires meth head, for instance, and he/she is exhibiting undesirable characteristics tardiness, stealing, etc.	i think it would be reasonable to terminate employment.
Definition of consciousness and its relation to subjective experience.	clarification of terms: i am using  consciousness  here to refer to any kind of subjectivity/awareness/interiority.	in other words, you have not made the point that everyone is the same consciousness.
The Purpose and Design of Tests.	i think the purpose of a test is to approximate your ability to understand the material that test is over.	grades measure all sorts of things, but they are intended to measure academic ability.
Beauty standards and body image.	is real beauty not being thin, even though you may happen to have a high metabolism or eat healthy foods ?	but ca not a person be naturally beautiful without having to work out every day ? yes we are.
Cost comparison of fast food and healthy food.	fast food is actually relatively expensive in comparison to healthy foods.	the fact that it does not keep is also a big problem, it force you to shop often which can be problem for many poor people especially the ones that end up relying a lot on public transport.
Restaurant guides and their grading process.	that is a lot of power to give to something that ultimately says nothing at all about the restaurant.	things like the cleanliness of the establishment, decoration, what is on the menu, their wine list and staff handling of your visit are fairly constant and therefore a sample of one can be quite indicative.
Humanity's worthiness of a savior.	i do not think humanity really deserves a savior, especially at the cost of innocent life.	most of us are not even aware of the world around us even though we have ample opportunity and resources  this last sentence is the very reason why we should help humanity.
The misuse of the word "literally".	the wrong or new definition of literally i am referring to is the opposite;  metaphorically, or figuratively.	but they are doing so as a form of hyperbole.
Real names and consequences for online behavior.	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	in an internet with full transparency, the idea of bitcoin may never have been established.
Racism and Slavery in America.	you are still called by your slave masters  names.	sure they may know what it means, but they have no clue who or where it was first attributed to.
Lack of familiarity and mutual knowledge.	you do not know them, their life, their family, their children.	have you thought about asking veterans and active duty military about this ? /r/military and each service is related branch subreddits are great places to go get information straight from the source.
Possessiveness in relationships.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	everybody is an individual, and you need to learn that.
Abortion and viability of the fetus.	we do not use that as a measure for whether other people are alive newborns ca not survive on their own very long.	if a fetus can survive outside of the mother, than we are not requiring the use of the mothers body against her will.
Government transparency and censorship.	if every government told their people everything, there would be constant worry over nothing.	why would you give people a reason to worry over something that they do not need to ? why make them stress out over something they have no reason to ? is this part of your cmv even serious ? you think it acceptable for a government, in a time of crisis to actively censor information about the world on the basis that it might upset the citizens ? what if the government censors its own wrongdoings ? pointless worry is not a good thing for a country.
Contextualizing the Founding Fathers' Progressiveness.	the founding fathers were all wealthy, educated, free white men.	expecting the founding fathers to fix problems that we are still struggling with almost  years later is unrealistic imho it is easy to look back and say they failed to create a perfect utopia, but i think a tribesman in a desert in africa would probably disagree with you.
Israel's methods for rooting out weapons caches.	israel could root out weapons caches using methods that are far less likely to kill civilians even if those methods were less effective, since the actual risk to israeli lives would still be minuscule.	is there another method to destroy them ? they can send soldiers in, they can bomb them, they can ask hamas to destroy them.
Discussion on the concept of human nature.	people always talk about how pure children are.	it is not the lack of the violent, selfish nature that we share with animals.
Discussion on the concept of human nature.	people always talk about how pure children are.	do not hit people.
Limitations and safety concerns of self-driving cars.	if a self driving car is slower than the rest of traffic, or gets caught up on a branch that falls into the roadway, or fails to navigate a construction site, or slams on its brakes because a trash bag drifted in front of it.	it does not matter if there are a few negative incidents because they will save a large amount of lives in the big picture.
Economic mobility and deservingness of prosperity in America.	While there are still some who are struggling, a large percentage have lived and worked hard to live a prosperous life here in America.	kids from poor families don't deserve it? but they have only their parents to blame. is it fair?
The Complexity of Racism.	racism stems from negative stereotypes that are trumped up and oppress a people in a certain group.	they can simply misinform and lead to questionable behavior , and put pressure on members of that culture to act in ways contrary to what their culture actually is.
Property rights and regulation.	also, who could forget the absolute travesty that was blackwater ?	even weak governments have a military and unless the multinational wants to gain a reputation for funding a coup d etat there is little that can stop the weak government from forcing the multinational to stay out barring the involvement of other governments.
Suicidal thoughts and fear of death.	i genuinely wish i had never been born.	you want to end the human race race because your sad.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	instead we read to see beloved characters acting out some one note plot over four frames.
Impact of voting in swing states/ridings.	unless you live in a swing state/riding, your vote is not going to make a difference.	if harper is re elected over trudeau, the country would more or less be the same place it is today.
Living conditions in Africa.	africa was, and still is, a pretty awful place to live in.	and then suffering through slavery.
Soldiers opposing fascism in a different time.	the soldiers who gave their lives in that conflict can legitimately be seen as laying their lives down to oppose fascism and protect some basic institutions of human freedom.	of course, like most wars, it is not exactly heroic in the sense that most people perceive the second world war to be.
Anarchism and societal organization.	the second issue is what has you convinced that humans are organized enough to have a society like this.	totalitarian states generally need to teach people to feel morally obligated to report their neighbors for minor crimes like owning a banned book, that level of cultural acceptance does not appear over night.
The importance of appearance in first impressions.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	sex is as meaningful as you want it to be.
Controversy surrounding the American flag and its history.	but i kind of consider the confederate flag to be like the nazi flag.	the american flag has stood for a lot of truly horrible things.
The accuracy of education research in academia.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	i know this is the case for psychology too, but what the average person sees / what gets presented in the news, is far from accurate of the research done in academia.
Biological basis of sex determination.	sex is solely determined by the sex chromosome, and there is not anything else to it.	does not make my space ship a car though.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	if we are looking from the religious viewpoint on a meaning of life then yes, in a sense an atheistic view of life does not have an overall meaning.
Tattoos and societal norms.	if you placing tattoos in that area, you are sending a message to society, whether you intend to or not.	that is in fact the entire point of a tattoo in lieu of cultural tradition.
Inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar and alternative options.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	you also ca not have months line up with the lunar cycle  and  have years line up with seasons.
Importance of taking a day off on your birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	maybe taking a day off is a present to one self to be able to relax and do whatever they may want to do instead of just working the whole day.
Acknowledging the Existence of Horrible Black People.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	do you think after slavery was abolished and integration that all black people had a big meeting and decided to act like thugs and raise crime rates ? no.
Existence of beings comparable to gods in the universe.	isnt the obvious extrapolation that beings exist in the universe which are comparable to gods or higher powers ?	if there was intelligent life anywhere else in the universe, would that mean that they too can become gods ? if they are more intelligent than us, does that mean that they are more likely to  be  gods ? all this aside, none of what you wrote implies that there is a higher power of any kind.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	i do not think anyone can argue from a physical standpoint which is superior, getting out and running around will always beat sitting down and staring at a display.
Gun violence and its impact on society.	not to mention the amount of people who die each year due to violence with the use of guns and firearms such as mass killings of innocent lives.	my grandfather has all his guns in a lock box, in a safe, in locked cabinet, in a locked room.
Dislike towards people who are pro-violence.	indeed, anybody who is  pro violence  i automatically dislike.	think about  stereotypical high schoolers  who only form groups with people similar to themselves.
Definition of a hero and terrorism.	but bravery does not a hero make.	a bomber pilot is not the same as, for example, diving on a grenade to save your squad but do you really want a strict line on defining heroes ? would you say a bomber pilot who never killed a civilian was a hero but then take it away when you found one civilian was killed ? or say  to  civilians would be understandable but any more than that and you are disqualified ?.
Gun violence and its impact on society.	not to mention the amount of people who die each year due to violence with the use of guns and firearms such as mass killings of innocent lives.	farms, especially, require firearms to protect livestock from unfriendly visitors, human or not.
Online opinions and downvotes.	no one wants to get anonymously slapped for an opinion; no matter the opinion.	oftentimes someone else has already articulated the reason something is worthy of a downvote.
Back to sleep campaign and flat headedness concerns.	serious negative effects of the  back to sleep  campaign has been the rise in incidence of flat headedness.	the alternative to the rare occurrence of flat headedness is risking death.
Handling Emotional Reactions in Relationships.	in many cases, the person is playing russian roulette with their relationship.	if someone reacts emotionally to an argument or other event when i am talking to them, i might let up on the intensity, or suggest taking a break before we continue talking, but i do not back down if i feel strongly about my side.
Possessiveness in relationships.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	do not lie, do not fake.
Value of art not based on time; art commissions and shows.	in the marketplace, art is value tends not to be based on the amount of time taken to create it.	this idea that artists have zero time constraints is a total fallacy no professional artist has that luxury.
Becoming a Military Doctor and Paying for Medical School.	my plan was to graduate college and join the ushs the military medical school and become and army doctor. i am also poor and medical school in the military from what i understand pays for smart kids.	you will lose money by taking hpsp and especially with ushs a longer commitment than hpsp.
Morality of the Second World War	the second world war can be seen as a black and white moral struggle against monstrously oppressive forces.	if the fantasy of violence and war does not line up with reality bad stuff will happen.
Helmet use for cyclists compared to aviation requirements.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	where do you draw the line ? most cyclists i see break laws anyways.
White Privilege and Racism	statements like  white people ca not experience racism  are obviously bunk; tell that to the polish guy who got glassed and facially disfigured by a drunk woman in my town on the basis of his identity.	it is inconsistent, circumstantial, and often of little impact.
Anarchism and societal organization.	the second issue is what has you convinced that humans are organized enough to have a society like this.	if im not mistaken r/debateanarchism is very much left anarchist and the right and left anarchists, or as they generally see each other, anarchism  tm  and ayncraps; do not get along to well.
Definition of terrorism.	but as the years go by the word is being more and more loosely defined.	and terrorism is not an ideology, it is a tool.
Comparison of rap lyrics to other genres.	there are plenty of examples given from rappers who are very conscious and clever, but even those hardly ever say anything i feel holds a candle to good lyrics from other genres.	have you considered that this is because you relate more to the content of lyrics of other genre is than you do to the content of rap lyrics.
Subjectivity in religious theories and science.	religious theories are not made by objective measurements of an environment we only know from our observations.	let us not forget that even religious people rely on the same principles as science for most aspects of their lives.
Maturity on Reddit and Mental Health Support.	reddit often is not mature enough to deal with those kinds of posts.	she was not a licensed professional.
Subjectivity in Art and Music Valuation	in the marketplace, art is value tends not to be based on the amount of time taken to create it.	how can you grade someone who has played an instrument or acted in plays since they were a small child on the same scale as someone who has not had the privilege of doing either ? first of all, in terms of  how do you do it.
Comparison of Deism and Atheism.	but why is deism more reasonable than atheism, you may be asking.	basically, deism is the clock analogy, in that god/the gods made the universe, and the scientific laws that govern the universe, and then left the universe to its own devices.
Justice system and punishment methods.	imagine if someone came into your life, took away someone you held near and dear, causing suffering to you and everyone who knew them.	we want it to be predictable it puts people on notice and tethered to particular acts so that people can tailor their behavior accordingly.
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	people have to be responsible for their actions.
Beauty standards for women.	and places value in the superficial that is completely irrelevant.	now you are going to tell me the body i have is irrelevant ? it means  a lot  to me.
Author's credibility or intentions.	over all, i believe the author is not just  another reader .	i saw that, but it kinda seems like you are trying to have it both ways.
Inconsistency with Student Devices and When They're Needed	secondly, lack of consistency with students  devices would cause confusion.	the only situations where devices are usually needed for use is typically research, or word processing.
Blackface and Offense in Modern Times	being offended by someone who had painted is face black is dumb as the original issues with are not relevant nowadays.	it is a style of theatre that mocks black people in a wide variety of ways.
Gender pay equality.	i seriously believe that men and women probably make a very similar number; a number so similar that there are no grounds for advocating either gender needs more pay.	i am equally willing to believe that men make less money as i am to believe women make less money.
The meaning and implications of NSFW.	if we go back to the actual meaning of nsfw not safe for work , the idea is clearly that you do not want something on your screen that someone at work could oversee.	some nsfw posts are things you do not want someone looking over your shoulder; but some are just things you do not want showing up in your browser history.
Banning hate speech subreddits on the internet.	i also believe that the admins should ban subreddits that are based on hate speech, such as /r/whiterights /r/greatapes.	the moment they start passing moral judgment on something, it becomes an out of control slippery slope.
Protection from discrimination and individual responsibility.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	it protects people from being hassled and from being denied services for no reason other than stupid ones, such as the color of their skin.
Snoop Dogg criticizing a young rapper's skills.	now snoop is one of the few active og, why the fuck is he gonna go diss a young rapper ?	the same reason ice t blasted soulja boy.
Discounted prices on Steam games.	with steam and game bundles, games are often discounted to a fraction of their ordinary price.	which is great ! but does not negate that the only necessary justification for buying a new release is  i want to.
Private vs Government Space Exploration Funding	spacex and virgin galactic have been able to do with limited funding what nasa could not do with a much bigger government backed budget.	take india, which recently launched onto mars.
Complexity of the American Legal System	i am not a fan of extreme simplification, but i think the american legal system has gotten out of hand in complexity.	no motorized vehicles are allowed in the park.
Disadvantages of big money and large bureaucracy.	small enough to avoid the disadvantages corruption of big money, large inefficient bureaucracy .	look how badly china is governed with , million.
Accessibility to basic human needs.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	however, a government that collects all information has a huge danger of becoming too powerful.
Advantages of using vans for moving compared to pickup trucks.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	for many people, it is important to have the option to carry a load if needed, but the rest of the time, the bed is relatively empty.
Economics and Leftism.	leftist culture demonizes capitalism, which is the mechanism by which one attains material security in our society.	i am just going to address the comments about economics and leftism.
The ethics of outlawing bad behavior.	if you believe something is bad, you should outlaw it.	is there really nothing you think is bad that you do not think should be outlawed ? adultery ? drinking alcohol to excess ? severe overeating to the point of morbid obesity ? slacking off at work ? spending your rent money on lottery tickets ? being an asshole ?.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	depression is not a fixed mental state.
Gender representation in politics.	is less women in politics even an issue ?	having a more diverse group of politicians in terms of gender, race, etc means that your politicians are representing a greater range of the people in your country and are bringing a wider range of perspectives to the discussion.
Atheism and conversion.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	no, it is a disbelief in a deity.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	he recklessly causes the death of another person since recklessness is the key to this, we also need to see the definition of recklessness: URL  a person acts recklessly with respect to a result or to a circumstance described by a statute defining an offense when he is aware of and consciously disregards a substantial and unjustifiable risk that such result will occur or that such circumstance exists.
Living in a swing state and its policy decisions.	but outside of statistics, let is say that you do live in a swing state; policy decisions regarding taxation, spending, the military, legalization of substances, etc.	i know it is not a  national issue   per se  but it is a stark example of how the identity of the party controlling a government can have a direct impact on people is day to day lives.
Comparison of Classical Liberalism and Conservatism.	classical liberalism is a philosophy of limited government and personal liberty.	conservativism is when you support classical and traditional social structures.
Batman's branding and theme.	branding; that is why all of batman is gadgets are so heavily bat themed, and in the earlier versions of batman even had a bat prefix.	he is the batman, so he uses bat items.
Password security and malware infection.	ideally, passwords should not be reused, and a formula should be used to generate unique passwords for each account you have.	a situation where you had malware installed on your device but only entered a few passwords before realizing it.
Limitations of God-given rights.	since these rights were given to people by god, people can not take these rights away.	people can surrender various rights as that is a right.
Criticism of Anime Tropes and Historical Context.	i find the tropes of anime very inane, everyone looks the same, people are too serious or too wacky, the animation is clunky same expressions , the subject matter is very bizarre and i ca not stand most of the characters.	therefore, story writes of anime started catering to very niche interests and genres which mainstream people would find  whacky.
Protection from discrimination and individual responsibility.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	as an individual, i do not have to treat people fairly though i endeavor to do so.
Religion's dual nature as conservative and revolutionary.	religion, in nature, is conservative and/or reactionary.	where is the science rebuking of  do not be an asshole  ? a bulk of our greatest philosophers, thinkers, scientists, leaders, etc.
Obama's responsibility to address cyberbullying in schools.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	he is the leader of an entire country.
Student fundraising for charity.	get a job, donate some of the money.	it is used very frequently in elementary and middle schools, and the donation acts as a huge motivation/reward for the students.
Negative impact of British colonization on India and beyond.	in countries like india, the very form of government, transportation system, schooling system, and many other indirect influence have their roots in british colonization.	it is not as if the indians did not have government before.
Political spectrum and movements.	a fascist with a libertarian, both are apparently right wing.	the right left dichotomy was always intended to refer to movements, not individuals.
The sustainability of democracy.	if you believe that democracy wo not fail, i ask what makes you believe that there will be enough smart people to outweigh the dumb people ?	sometimes we get bad ones in office for longer sometimes good ones in office for shorter and it is a damned shame.
The Effects of Video Games and Dangerous Sports on People	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	i do not presume that this experience is generalizable to everyone, but it is almost certainly more informed that your own unless you have played on a competitive gaming circuit, which i very much doubt.
Cultural exchange and understanding.	lets start educating each other about our different viewpoints and cultures.	and terrorism is not an ideology, it is a tool.
Government spending priorities.	i think govt should spend money on their own citizens and improve their quality of life than wars and supporting other countries.	it is one thing to support a family caring for their children, it is quite another to seize their children to raise yourself.
Democracy and Trust in the People.	in order for democracy to work, we put faith in the people.	no we do not.
The existence of supernatural beings and their paradoxes.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	you cannot understand supernatural things like you understand natural things.
Monogamy and ethical considerations in relationships.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	now you ca not trust what they say.
Feminism's Impact on Women's Happiness.	the view i would like to be challenged is this: the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	correlation does not equal causation.
Far-right extremism and its definition.	i believe fascist neo nazi groups, the kkk, the golden dawn or any religious extremist group like radical islamism all fall under the far right.	the definition of extremism is too fragile and easily changed.
Comparison of gymnastics and rock climbing.	yet gymnastics asks one to maneuver their bodies into shapes that the human figure is not meant to form.	as does diving and tons of other sports.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	i am just going to use the google definition of rent seeking, i will accept yours if it is different.
Legalization of Racism and Market Forces.	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	we have the ceo of mozilla being forced to step down after donating to a group that supports traditional marriage or, more to the point, a group that is against legalizing gay marriage.
Computer Science Major and Money Making	however, i am not really into the whole programming aspect, which i now realize the computer science major mostly consists of.	so he did  days of work and made k, and had enough for a few more months.
Smoking and Consideration.	i ca not really think of any situation in which smoking is not inconsiderate.	the sahara is not unpopulated enough.
Fear of the Unknown in Natural Selection.	since natural selection shows us that the strong survive, at some point the human, or protohuman, brain tells humans that anything different is dangerous.	scientists have identified a  seeker circuit  in animal and human brains that makes the animal want novelty.
Consequentialism and Universal Maxims.	by considering whether something ought to be a universal maxim, we are already considering the consequences of that thing being a universal law.	whether or not something is bad is subjective.
Nazism and its impact on common people.	we don't have to have zero tolerance for nazis, there were a lot of moderate nazis.	people who hated the treaty of versailles but were tolerant of jews.
Conditions for Incestuous Relationships	incest, i will admit, would have to have some conditions.	incest opens up the opportunity for a parent to  groom  a child for marriage to them.
Avoiding political labels and the left/right spectrum.	instead of saying  yeah i lean left  or  yeah i am right wing  see yourself outside the spectrum and refer to yourself what you are actually are to avoid confusion.	the left/right comes mostly from where the person sits in representation to congress.
Problems with BYOD in education.	there are many other problems that byod could cause, such as cheating, distractions, resistance from those who hate change, spying, and overall forcing students to integrate technology even deeper into their lives.	teachers still have the power to take away the device if they deemed them distracting do they not ? unless the students are taking computer tests on their own devices or having their cellphones out during tests i see no reason why they would be more likely to cheat.
The ethics of a sociopath in politics.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	third, why would he give a shit about the nation in the first place ? sociopathic politicians have always, historically, done the bare minimum of public service they need to keep their reputation healthy, while engaging in embezzlement, nepotism, favoritism, kleptocracy, murder, rape, terror, torture, and general concentration of power on an unprecedented scale.
Criticism of Anime Tropes and Historical Context.	i find the tropes of anime very inane, everyone looks the same, people are too serious or too wacky, the animation is clunky same expressions , the subject matter is very bizarre and i ca not stand most of the characters.	either the girls are girlish and adorable, or kick ass and masculine but whatever they are they are very cliche.
Criticism of Jefferson Davis and Robert E. Lee's Role in U.S. History	jefferson davis and robert e.  lee, lee especially, were directly responsible for the single worst crisis in u. s.	history and for the deaths of hundreds of thousands of americans.
Highway speed limits and safety concerns.	the speed limits on most highways just do not make sense.	actually if everyone drove the same speed  / a few mph traffic would run flawlessly.
Police control and traffic safety.	if you put a police control outside a club to stop every car, you are checking everyone equally.	sometimes signs are obscured, or speed limits are lowered unnecessarily for more ticket money.
Rights of Homeless People.	homeless should have natural rights just as we do.	however, having a side of me that says we should get rid of these people irritates umm, how are the homeless competing with you for jobs and food exactly ? how is  getting rid of these people  who already get  nothing  freeing up any resources for anyone else ? you want to solve poverty by getting rid of the impoverished ? also, mental illness causes the majority of homelessness, not overpopulation.
Challenging students in public education system.	there is danger in leaving any students unchallenged.	if they or their parents find that a priority, then they can  challenge  themselves outside of the public education system.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	that is why they deny everyone else common sense positive rights such as the right to life and thus access to things like healthcare , the right to education, etc.
Importance of Happiness vs Money	doing what makes you happy is just as important as making money.	some people with a $k salary can spend it all, get into debt and then go broke and someone else with a $k a year can live a perfectly happy life, so income means nothing as long as you are above the poverty line, and this is what /u/redditeyes is referring to.
Ease of rapping compared to playing instruments and depth of rap.	as someone who has played different musical instruments and rapped, i think rapping at an elementary level was always much easier than playing an instrument.	when people talk about rappers being deep, i laugh most of the time.
Making money from motivational content and art.	yes, the higher ups make money from motivational content.	the problem is that the motivational materials are predicated on the idea that you can  make it  in amway by sales and recruiting alone.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	for example, if i was a pc gamer, i would continue to be a pc gamer, rather than picking up a new hobby.
Linear nature of sport and video games.	in sport, you do not know what is going to happen but in video games, there is a linear way the game will unfold.	there is almost certainly something new to be seen in a fallout  let is play, as everyone presumably has different favorite sidequests and playstyles.
Political stance on healthcare access restrictions.	conservatives wish to restrict my fellow americans  ability to access healthcare.	it is logical, in my opinion, that this will result in preventable deaths and patients who will live the rest of their lives in debt.
Anti-harassment policies at conventions and use of sex appeal.	reliably, cons have been implementing tough anti harassment policies.	anti harassment policies are trying to send that same message.
Password security and malware infection.	ideally, passwords should not be reused, and a formula should be used to generate unique passwords for each account you have.	i can access my password database on my computers and my phone.
Social contract and punishment for breaking it.	i believe that everyone of us that lives in a society has tacitly agreed to a social contract and to abide by the society is laws.	by committing a crime like murder, this contract is broken and the individual has given up the right to live in that particular society.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	the same goes the other way around.
Abortion and Fetal Rights.	which should not be valid because youre killing another body. which should have rights.	why should the fetus get to extend his/her will over their mother is ? why do the mother is rights suddenly not matter ? but now the question is, why should the fetus have rights to begin with ? it is neither aware nor independent meaning it needs the mother to survive up until week  or so, where it has a  survival rate outside the womb  then there is the justifications, rape, disease, etc.
Gender roles and stereotypes in sexual behavior.	i really want to start thinking that men could also be considered a whore and that a woman can be a player.	calling someone a  slut  is making a judgment on their character  do not hang out with her, she is a slut.
Maturity on Reddit and Mental Health Support.	reddit often is not mature enough to deal with those kinds of posts.	if you are posting on reddit, you should be well aware of that.
Criticism of religion's role in causing problems in the world.	when i say that religion in general and islamic in specific causes a lot of problems in today is world, i am seen as a bigot and an islamophobe.	it is a political ideology meant to drive how a nation behaves.
Cultural exports and perspectives on culture.	the  cultural export  of australia is tiny when compared to that of, say, france, which has had thousands of years of art, poetry, and science.	australia does have art and culture, but because it is new, it does not have the range, or volume of culture other older countries may have i am going to tackle this directly as an australian.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	i do not think anyone can argue from a physical standpoint which is superior, getting out and running around will always beat sitting down and staring at a display.
Debate on the morality of business actions.	but any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	also,  morality  is not really part of the legal system, strictly speaking.
Opinions on charitable challenges and personal donations.	i feel that these sorts of challenges like ice bucket challenge are the kind of things people would want to do anyway, and raising money is mainly an excuse to do so.	if you really wanted to raise money for cancer research, you would donate some of your own money directly.
Faith in Competent Leaders and Historical Perspective on Problems.	would not you feel more comfortable putting your faith in the hands of honest, educated, competent people, then a majority that is lacking most of those things ?	sometimes we get bad ones in office for longer sometimes good ones in office for shorter and it is a damned shame.
Abortion and Fetal Personhood.	the crux of the argument is whether the fetus is a person.	well, it is not.
Definition of true peace.	i personally think true peace is the time when humans as a whole understand each other.	you can disagree with peoples choices or views but the point of peace is that you do not act in a violent or discriminatory way.
Benefits of Exam Structure in College Courses.	some students already know all the material and are taking the course only for formality reasons.	classes are not meant to be taken for formality reasons and thus are not designed for those students who already know the material.
Foreign policy and government services in the US.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	you realize that we are the third most populous country in the world URL fourth largest by landmass URL and the  militarily, economically, and arguably in technology.
Politics and Governance.	in toronto last year, the mayor rob ford admitted to using crack cocaine while in office, spurring a backlash from the public.	however, your disappointment at the failure of rob ford to step down in light of actions that enraged the people is a  democratic  view in and of itself.
Relationship between personal finance and market trends.	economics what you do with your money affects the markets.	i should suggest that the reason we have electricity, the airplane, the telephone, etc.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	yes, but your school does not have to take you on as a risk.
Inclusion of LGBTQ+ Relationships in School Curriculum	i do not want to sound like a douche, but we do live in a hetero normative society.	until that ceases to exist, it is only prudent to popularize hetero life, if nothing else except it equates to self preservation.
Advantages of Welfare Reform.	there is also the huge benefit of less resentment of those on welfare.	in other words: i have $.
Combining parenting with charity work.	i am making the assumption that instead of child bearing the would be parent involves him or herself in some sort of meaningful charity work .	if someone wants to give and they really believe in a cause, they will find a way to do it.
The importance of appearance in first impressions.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	this is meaningless rhetoric thrown in the face of just about every change in the landscape of sexual interaction.
"Piracy in the Music Industry"	the music industry has brought piracy on itself.	i believe if the music industry lowered the price on music to $ per album or $ per song very few people would pirate music.
The purpose of a diploma in society.	my view is that the purpose of a diploma is to prove you are able to function in a civilized society.	if a man with severe mental retardation ends up at an advertising agency with a diploma, he is not going to get the job  just  because he has a diploma.
Batman's branding and theme.	branding; that is why all of batman is gadgets are so heavily bat themed, and in the earlier versions of batman even had a bat prefix.	he does what he does because he feels obligated to, first in a crusade of revenge for his parents, then because he knows that the people need him, that without him, gotham and all the innocent people within it would be destroyed, enslaved, or worse.
Domestic Violence and Forgiveness	would the man get called out on being wrong and weak for forgiving him ?	couple this with the fact that most abusers are usually contrite and promise that the behavior was an aberration a one time occurrence, never to be repeated.
Eliminating political parties	ca not we eliminate the parties and each candidate stands by his own beliefs, not the party is , and then we can elect someone the majority agrees with ?	what we need is a better way to vote in general.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	eh, kinda depends on your definitions, many people would take the lofty definition of any gradual change, so i guess you could make the argument it would qualify.
Inequality and fairness in corporate hiring practices.	I think there is a lot of inequality in corporate hiring right now, and a lot of people who get eliminated actually meet the job requirements associated with the position.	how do you test whether or not someone is reliable, punctual, hard working, gets along with others ? would you really go through and test every single person, even those who seem completely unfit ? or if you have  opening with  applicants, why would not you prioritize those who are already vetted to some degree ? all of this ignores that fact that social skills networking are important for employees to have, in just about every business environment.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	furthermore, what is more careless terminating an unwanted pregnancy because your birth control failed, or proceeding with one when you ca not afford to raise a kid or do not want one ? first, if you care so much for this life,  you  assume some responsibility for it.
The expectation of donating in richer circles.	lastly, i will put forth what i think is a better way of deciding whom to call generous and whom to not.	i am in one of those richer circles, and donating is not expected at all.
Criticism of Oppression Model in Social Phenomena	the model works okay for explaining a lot of social phenomena, but is inherently simplistic usually requiring an oppressing group and an oppressed group.	and like i said, the  oppressor/oppressed  dynamic is already a pretty outdated belief system.
Degradation of language skills.	anymore, you do not have to even spell words right.	it kills the art of the language for what, convenience ? is it really worth it ? these words are not misspelled, they are intentionally shortened to speed up communication.
Importance of Industry Experience in Politics.	we will finally be able to have smart politicians instead of popular politicians in office.	how do you prevent that ? wealth does not equal contribution.
Encouraging self-improvement and authenticity in learning.	there are no difficult subjects to learn.	source ? i have no issue with this but it generally encourages the notion that one should not pursue self improvement i think they promote being  who you are  insofar as to  stay true to your own personality.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	the lockean proviso is not about the real world.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	only one of the screenplays arguably one of the worst ones,  a new hope  was nominated, iirc.
Overview of Political Science and IR as Disciplines	admittedly, one class and a global policy simulation may not be enough to really judge the field, but i ca not be completely wrong, right ?	as /u/ablarga has already pointed out, the classroom is designed to give a student a  birds eye  view of the political science and international relations landscape, not to copy and paste into practical application.
The ethics of piracy and its impact on producers.	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	when the people you know ask you where you got it, what are you going to tell them ? in all likelihood you are going to start the conversation thusly  so i downloaded this game last night and.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	for every shit hole we waste our time with in shit stani stan, we spend countless more humanitarian aid to other equally shitty countries who are extremely grateful.
Controversy over Ten Commandment monuments on public land.	allowing ten commandment monuments on public land forces christian beliefs on all non christians.	no, it does not.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	i could go after cheaper athletes, but having less stellar athletes on my team means fewer people will watch, and i will make less money.
Subsidies for drivers and other modes of transportation.	hence everyone else, who has better things to do than drive everywhere, are forced to subsidize drivers in their irresponsible choices.	what better things to you have to do that does not involve getting to work, getting to a grocery store, going to a school, or traveling to see other people ? are you suggesting people never leave their houses ? and they must grow their own food rather than go pick up groceries ? under paying for what ? have you ever ridden in a school bus or on a public transit bus ? did you pay your fair share for benefitting from the roadway ? have you ever walked or bicycle somewhere ? how did you pay your fair share for using public roads those times ? have you every bought a food item, article of clothing, or other object ? how do you think those objects get to your favorite store without someone driving them in a truck to local retailers ? everything around you was put there because it arrived in the back of some motorized vehicle.
Disadvantages of big money and large bureaucracy.	small enough to avoid the disadvantages corruption of big money, large inefficient bureaucracy .	look at how well japan is governed in comparison, with a historical infrastructure and resources not dissimilar from these, in spite of having  million people.
The Effects of Video Games and Dangerous Sports on People	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	extreme sports, rugby, hockey, combat sports, and even golf though to a lesser extent to be sure are fairly dangerous, and this is for people who are perfectly healthy in the first place.
Religion as a Scapegoat for Logic and Knowledge.	people try to use their  religion  as a scapegoat for logic, reason, and the pursuit of knowledge; i. e.	people are hungry to believe things.
Password security and malware infection.	ideally, passwords should not be reused, and a formula should be used to generate unique passwords for each account you have.	getting the few passwords you use will give the attacker your common password, or clue them into what pattern you use.
Government spending priorities.	i think govt should spend money on their own citizens and improve their quality of life than wars and supporting other countries.	is a cheap comment that will net you applause, but it is ignorant.
Disabling Ads and Payment Methods.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	acceptable ads are effective without shouting at us.
Responsibility of victims in bullying situations.	instead of blaming the bully, you blame the victim.	would not it be better for the blame to be placed on those making the terms of service that much more difficult, so pressure is put on the companies to put more money into making the terms simpler ?.
Morality of killing in military service.	by enlisting in the military, you have agreed to kill someone on behalf of the cause for which that military is fighting.	instead, i see  it is my son is chance at a better quality of life or the enemy is life.
Discussion about mainstream music artists and Nicki Minaj's talent.	say all you want about iggy being talentless and mediocre which can be said about most mainstream popular music artists and performers, what can i say ?	they would not play the victim on social media.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	having a break would be nice  is not a very compelling argument.
British stereotypes.	a negative stereotype is that the british are known for their deceit and lies, from which their old oppressive empire was established.	uh, i think hardly anyone would characterise the british as deceitful liars, let alone have it as a stereotype.
Beliefs about sex with transgender individuals.	there exists a very real, and i would argue dominating, belief amongst the populace that having sex with a transgender man or woman is not the same as having sex with a  born  man or woman.	if she had not told him and left forever.
Personal growth and sexual experience.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	yeah but here is the deal: the  genuine  advice they give is about as generic and time tested as it can get.
Maturity on Reddit and Mental Health Support.	reddit often is not mature enough to deal with those kinds of posts.	i made a comment on reddit, was not even a post, i just replied to another commend on the subject.
Perception of police by law-abiding citizens.	for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	i am a  year old white guy and  i  do not trust the police.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	i can, but very little compared to a car.
Tolerance and morality in society.	but conservative societies do not have to tolerate liberal members.	the goal is to raise new generations with a more liberal mindset and let the old ones pass.
VPN and File Sharing as Essential Resources.	those doing some major file sharing, or maybe needing a big pipe for a vpn to work.	consider what would happen if vpn and  major file sharing  were like water.
Automation and State Ownership of Robots.	eventually, all the jobs will theoretically be gone, then all of the robots need to be owned by the state, otherwise the majority of the populace become nothing more than the property of those that own the robots.	the fact that labor is useful is what creates a market for it.
Misunderstanding of Peer Review	because of this, we waste millions chasing after results a simple bit of peer review could have definitively ruled out for a fraction of the cost.	it does not mean replication of results through repeated experiments.
Misconceptions about the nature of gods.	gods are just humans who have had a good million or so years to evolve.	essentially we are more closely meeting our potential.
Animal consent and ethical implications of animal products.	an animal cannot consent to a sexual act being performed on it, as animals cannot speak or otherwise show desire for humans.	for you not to be a hypocrite, i am assuming you are vegan ? i am assuming you feel the same way about leather, fur, commercial dog breeding, horse racing, live pigeon shoots, rodeos, circuses, and hunting ?.
The use of grades as a measure of personality factors.	i understand that grades also can be used to measure certain personality factors conscientiousness, ability to follow instruction, adherence to procedural norms which all debatable might be as important as understanding the material.	shorter feedback loops are  always  better.
Comparison of ethnic and religious violence in Europe and the rest of the world.	in fact, that is why i think most examples of ethnic and religious violence outside of europe did not really happen until europeans started meddling in foreign affairs.	in the course of creating modern nation states, europe developed a culture of savagery and a technology of violence which enabled it to conquer the world, and as it conquered the world it attempted to impose nation state systems wherever it went, also artificial and violent.
Sexual promiscuity and its association with love.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	why do you think promiscuity is a bad thing ? i am also not sure what do you mean with that last sentence, are you saying that all asexual people are incapable of love, and aromantic people are just lying to themselves ? it is often like there is not that middle stage.
Leadership and Sociopathy.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	what is the difference between a nation and its people ? if a leader is a sociopath, they are at risk of doggedly pursuing destructive tasks in the name of  winning , whatever they believe that might be.
Criticism of Environmental Hypocrisy in Private Jet Use	i have never heard these guys advocate the ban of private jets.	dicaprio is in a position of some influence.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	nobody says it is your right to go to this school.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if we all obeyed them, traffic would come to a crawl.	it is true that people who drive slower than everyone else cause accidents, but if everyone followed the speed limit then none of this would happen.
The existence of God.	i have always felt like the idea of a god is a way to compensate and try to make sense of things that does not make any sense.	science is more,  this is our best explanation of how the universe operates,  and less,  this is  exactly  how the universe operates.
Responsibility for deaths in Gaza bombing campaign.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	hamas is the result of decades of israeli policies in israel and palestine.
Criticism of blaming whites for problems in Detroit.	i am treated like a kkk member when i criticize black people.	the people there happen to be black.
Inequality in the justice system for the wealthy.	maybe if a few more senator daughters or ceo sons ended up in jail with clear video evidence we would see change in our laws.	can you list out the names of all the kids of all the big companies or government representatives offhand ? of course not, neither can the cops.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	it is in our nature.
Back to sleep campaign and flat headedness concerns.	serious negative effects of the  back to sleep  campaign has been the rise in incidence of flat headedness.	would you rather have a condition that can be corrected, or an infant that has suffocated in it is sleep ? it can be corrected with a special helmet.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	depending on which he is, that first shot can sail wildly, or it can put a cop or his best friend in the ground.
Societal expectations and objectification of women's bodies.	on a certain level, is not everyone selling their body ?	, but through their athletic pursuits they can go and get jobs in other industries.
Success in a field despite lack of skill or talent.	case in point, eazy e became a famous rapper even touring the white house doing something he was terrible at.	you can be a great pop singer without actually being able to sing these days too.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	would not that be solved easily if the person who wanted to stop just  said so  and made it clear ? i think it is incredibly important for people to understand consent,  because  of situations like that.
Abortion and Carelessness.	but lets be honest, there are not even close to a majority of rape and birth defect screeners getting abortions.	the story we hear about abortions is that people were not being careful.
Debate on Republican stance on abortion.	on a similar note, republicans would also like to take away the ability to have safe, clean abortions from my friends who are ciswomen.	an unborn person could literally not have done anything to wrong and therefore does not deserve death.
The value and enjoyment of magic tricks.	working out how the magic trick was done is half the fun for me and i think most people .	the fun part of this secondary value for most people is when their mind is going this way and that way trying to figure it out it is the mental journey.
Password security and malware infection.	ideally, passwords should not be reused, and a formula should be used to generate unique passwords for each account you have.	without a password manager, you will probably use the same password multiple times.
Race and Libertarianism.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	if a business owner does not want to transact with someone based solely on their race, then that is their loss, and the potential gain for some other entrepreneur.
The insignificance of one's actions over time.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	i do not know the architects of the roman colosseum but they have influenced people throughout history.
Travel options and costs for coastal cities in Alaska.	most large cities are on the coast and you are able to travel anywhere.	i looked up the prices for if i were to travel to juneau, ak and it is cheaper to fly by several thousand dollars anchorage had similar prices.
Challenges of true democracy in modern society.	true democracy has not been around since athens the last time all the people in a society was feasibly able to get together in a forum to vote.	how ? is every citizen expected to understand or even just care every issue put up to a vote ? if the answer is yes, you are gonna be disappointed.
Degradation of language skills.	anymore, you do not have to even spell words right.	people are limited to a certain set of emotions because they will only say things such as  lol  or  lmao.
Animal consent and ethical implications of animal products.	an animal cannot consent to a sexual act being performed on it, as animals cannot speak or otherwise show desire for humans.	by this logic, so is meat and dairy production.
Police and injustice in American society.	therefore, a cop who operates in an unjust framework is automatically waging war against you.	suppose, for example, that a cop gives you a parking ticket a few seconds early and, while you acknowledge the right of the cop to give you a ticket if you would been there a few seconds longer, you believe this is an injustice.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	men is commitment to their marriage is not questioned by their name choices; neither should women is.
Dangers of smoking marijuana.	not only that but studies have shown that marijuana is just as likely, if not more likely to cause cancer then smoking cigarettes is.	alcohol is bad for my liver.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	something horrible must be happening at home to make lucy so angry at the world that she lashes out at other kids and laughs bitterly at their misfortunes and psychological problems.
Debate on the importance of bodily autonomy.	and somehow  body autonomy  is some concept to be held high.  barf.	substances that cause malformations during pregnancy ? you are violating the ba of some  future person , who is not any less real just because they are in the future.
Patents and Copyright as Property.	however, patents and copyright are not  property  in the sense that cars are.	out of respect for the  original  creator.
Overview of Political Science and IR as Disciplines	admittedly, one class and a global policy simulation may not be enough to really judge the field, but i ca not be completely wrong, right ?	political science and ir are like many other disciplines in that it is divided into schools of thought and theories.
Alcohol policy on campus.	kegs are not allowed on campus so we just have to spend more money on beer.	this is a relatively common rule which is meant to prevent binge drinking.
Comparison between beer and wine.	there are more things you can vary with beer than you can with wine.	you are right that wine is basically just grapes, but  just grapes  ignores the conditions that the grapes grew in.
Frequency of Moving Heavy Objects.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	for many people, it is important to have the option to carry a load if needed, but the rest of the time, the bed is relatively empty.
Debate on animals' desire for life.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	furthermore, if you  do not  think they have a will to live for the record, i  do  think animals have a will to live on par with that of a human being , why would you think they have a will not to suffer ? life is a much more basic trait to have than the limbic system that would  seem  to be required to process emotions and physical pain.
Opposition to the Iraq War.	i am not saying all wars are avoidable, but even though i am highly ignorant about politics, i just did not see the point of iraq war.	i personally believe your lack of respect is misguided.
Police brutality and technology's impact on awareness.	almost daily we hear of police shooting and killing unarmed and unthreatening citizens along with animals.	are you saying that if you are smoking weed and someone is getting beaten to death, the police will not only go after you but also you will be punished to a hire extent of the law ? and this goes completely against reality.
Misunderstandings about the meaning of equality.	anyways in trying to understand why these discussions so often breakdown i came to the conclusion that what one person considers equal another does not.	is not this common sense ? i am not saying if someone got her drunk against her will i mean if she made the decision to drink alcohol both sexes are responsible for their behavior while drunk.
The limitations of commitment in marriage.	no one can make a commitment that lasts forever, no matter how much people fool themselves that that is what marriage is.	honestly, what bothers me the most about this is that you are proposing a unilateral course of action, when there is a clear middleground of  talk about it with your partner, discuss it like rational adults, and let your partner decide what they want to do about it based on the discussion ; saying that the only way to deal with it is by leaving your partner is a bit childish, and takes your partner is agency out of the situation.
Challenges of relying on network availability and speed.	and often harder to use on for the user.	for a client server model, why would this be true for a decentralized model ? users ca not handle downloading an app ?.
Philosophy on Asceticism and Personal Responsibility.	most people are not, and should not be, ascetics who withdraw from the world.	sometimes its nice to withdraw from activity and take part in individual deep thinking.
Views on Joining the US Armed Forces During Iraq War	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	the decision to go to and participate in war is not made by the individual military members.
Hamas rejection of peace and Israel's retaliation.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	where does it end ? i mean, if we are talking about preventing future bombings, you are going to have to kill every last member of hamas, right ? does hamas have like face tattoos so you can point them out ? okay, just to be safe, lets murder all of them.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	i do not believe the family doctor should try to play psychiatrist and try assorted psych meds; he does not have the training and the patient is not getting therapist support.
Discussing interpretations in literature and its relevance to education.	i get that for many people, discussing interpretations is a way of enhancing their reading experience, but what does that have to do with my education ?	it is incredibly important to understand that other people might have views different to your own and, while it can be very hard to explain or quantify that difference, it does not mean you should not be understanding of them.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	that right is that the government should apply a law fairly.
Value of art not based on time; art commissions and shows.	in the marketplace, art is value tends not to be based on the amount of time taken to create it.	the only people without time constraints on their work are hobbyists and the independently wealthy.
Economy and ongoing wars.	the economy has rebounded from a catastrophic recession with the djia and nasdaq reaching all time highs.	have we ? we are still fighting in both afghanistan and iraq.
Human evolution and animal equality.	i believe that we humans are not more evolved than any other animal, we just evolved differently but together with other animals.	a lot of the ideologies that you, as an atheist, disagree with are ones that portray humans as inherently privileged and above nature.
Definition of Universal Rights.	to clarify, i am defining a  right  as a guarantee of access to a commodity or state of being, without necessarily referring to a legal structure.	natural rights are a usually considered a particular kind of moral right within ethics.
Is not having children a good decision?	not having child is objectively a great decision, economically, time wise, etc.	it is no less an investment of time and resources to care for your own baby than for any other baby.
The concept of amorality in society.	i think that what we call  amoral  is a huge misnomer;  amoral  is just a social contract we agree upon for the sake of ourselves and our society, rather than intrinsic right and wrong.	just because it is a social contract does not mean it is not real.
Gun violence and its impact on society.	not to mention the amount of people who die each year due to violence with the use of guns and firearms such as mass killings of innocent lives.	but why does this have any bearing on personal firearms ? in the end, i agree that many people do not need personal firearms.
Police heroism and community service.	i would like to see more videos of police rescuing children from blazing fires, and helping out the impoverished.	if the abuses of cops are never brought to light, there is absolutely no chance that they will be held accountable.
Accounting for Employee Time Off	accounting on the employer side is complicated as there are going to be multiple ways of accounting for an employee is day off.	these days there is any number of good hr software that makes individual employee log in accounting fairly simple.
Men's redundancy in reproduction.	furthermore, reproductively, almost every man on earth has become redundant.	we are not that different after all.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	the existence of recession shows that greed in the economic, not moral sense is indeed not static.
Economics and Leftism.	leftist culture demonizes capitalism, which is the mechanism by which one attains material security in our society.	this sort of thinking always baffles me.
Subjectivity in religious theories and science.	religious theories are not made by objective measurements of an environment we only know from our observations.	they are relying on the same fundamental rationality and consistency in their daily lives that science is predicated on.
Censorship and Hate Speech.	speech that is hateful, bigoted, and just terrible should be made illegal.	what you are suggesting is just censorship of everything that offends you, or fits your personal definition of  too offensive.
Advantages of Welfare Reform.	there is also the huge benefit of less resentment of those on welfare.	although you can question the rationality of poor people is buying decisions although i think it is very easy to go too far in this, it is not as if middle class people do not buy junk food either , any time you limit choice, this is inefficient in an economic sense.
Subsidies for drivers and other modes of transportation.	hence everyone else, who has better things to do than drive everywhere, are forced to subsidize drivers in their irresponsible choices.	but as long as you live in modern society and enjoy grocery stores, hospitals, schools, shopping centers, and firemen, you must accept the necessity of the motor vehicle.
Moving large objects or heavy lifting.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	they may also be convenient for many small loads, as it is easy to just throw things in the back without having to even drop the tailgate.
Charities and CEO Salaries.	many charities that you may donate to pay their employees and ceo is ridiculous salaries.	that is rather an argument against those specific charities.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	the market can predict what will happen so a recession will not occur ! our resources will not run out before we can react ! there will be no collapse of civilization as we know it.
Debate on the Benefits of Reading Books.	a typical argument would be how much more engaging a book is because you are using your imagination to form scenes and develop characters, but i think readers generally take that concept to a level that simply does not exist.	but sometimes a book can explain things that are not possible to show in a movie.
Conditions for Incestuous Relationships	incest, i will admit, would have to have some conditions.	but outside of possible children, incest between two consenting adults would not affect other people any more than gay marriage.
Cost-effectiveness of a program.	the cost of instituting the program is greater than the cost of the few people who actually mooch off the system.	if people on welfare are  required  and  proven  to be drug free, how would that contribute to the view that they are druggies ? with required testing, you can no longer call them druggies.
Income inequality.	why should i care if someone else is making more money than i am ?	except in the very broadest sense.
Debate on the Feasibility of Socialism in Europe.	i am not trying to say socialism ca not work.	this is why people bring up europe as an example it is precisely  because  of the argument that socialism does not work.
Challenges of mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.	why are we trying to push btc mainstream ?	it is impossible to know what will happen.
Animal farming and its impact beyond human consumption.	if you decide to not eat animals so that hopefully less farm animals are subject to such horrible conditions, you are ignoring the bigger picture.	again, many of us avoid using products that are tested on animals most products that are tested on animals only serve our most trivial interests and have tried and true, cruelty free alternatives; admittedly, the good may outweigh the bad when it comes to some medical testing, but cosmetic testing is entirely unnecessary.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	feminism benefits men indirectly when it frees women from their oppression.
HOA's goals and effectiveness in maintaining property values.	one of the main goals of an hoa are to help maintain or even increase the value of the homes in the neighborhood by preventing people from doing things that would lower property values.	additionally, the shitty knee jerk argument: what if i  want  to do something that would lower property values.
The ethics of piracy and its impact on producers.	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	since you do not consider it theft then why would you ever change your mind ? who pays for something when they think it is perfectly okay to take it without paying ? you have already demonstrated that you are totally fine with stealing it and we can sugar coat it if you like but it is theft because to your way of thinking it is not theft in the first place.
Morality of the Second World War	the second world war can be seen as a black and white moral struggle against monstrously oppressive forces.	i just think you are wrong singling ww as an especially unnecessary war.
Criticism of societal conformity and its consequences.	in real life if you point out that the emperor lacks clothing, the emperor and everyone pretending to see otherwise decide to hate you, yell at you, and may try to kill you.	i hardly believe that every person that supports this system is either someone who does not understand how it works or a bitter veteran.
The limitations of ethical consumerism in addressing climate change.	whether or not florida is sunk by rising sea levels is not a triviality that should be left to making sure you buy the right soy sauce.	which seems like a pretty ass backwards way of doing something.
The pitfalls of researching atheism and religion online.	there are a thousand places, a million internet hits, which one can browse to discover facts on the athiesm/religion debate and even the specific subtopic that was discussed yesterday.	it is a hugely different mindset than combing through search results.
Limitations of Society's Scientific Discoveries and Inventions	and so as a society, we are restricting our discoveries and inventions to the small areas of science and technology that we know about so far, that we think are credible and worthwhile.	i know it is cliche, but, seriously, take a look at nazi germany, josef mengele, and some of the torturous experiments him and others attempted.
Travel options for coastal cities and limitations of cruises.	most large cities are on the coast and you are able to travel anywhere.	in fact, not all large cities you can take a cruise to are on the coast, either see: paris.
Improving Public Education through Teacher Wages	some people are skeptical that increasing funding for our public education systems will change the results, but i think that simply increasing the wage of teachers could significantly increase the quality of teachers.	the problem is not money.
Anime and its Historical Context.	i ca not stand most of the characters.	it was this which brought down the cost of making anime to lower than live action, which surged its popularity.
Pronunciation and Nationalism.	i am aware i am in a particular country that speaks english a certain way, but to completely discount alternate and, in many cases, the original pronunciation as  wrong  seems nationalistic at best and conceited at worst.	in fact,  that  is nationalistic and conceited: the idea that modern british pronunciations are somehow older or more legitimate than american ones.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	anyone could have written a shakespeare play.
Disorganization of icons on computer and physical desktop.	on windows, we have a mess of system icons and application icons just sitting there loose to drag around.	changing users is having one person clean their stuff off the desk, and then you putting yours back on it.
The separation of church and state in the West.	to us, an abandonment/separation of church and state was the first major move that allowed the west to begin its period of global dominance.	the era of nation states has only yielded constant turnover and turmoil for them.
Libertarian views on race and discrimination.	libertarians claim that the free market or  social pressure  will eventually lead to a post racial world.	no libertarian supports discrimination when it comes to laws or justice.
Existence of beings comparable to gods in the universe.	isnt the obvious extrapolation that beings exist in the universe which are comparable to gods or higher powers ?	if they are  comparable  to gods or higher powers, then by  definition  they are  not  gods.
Disadvantages of having a child.	having a child is objectively a bad decision economically, time wise, etc.	look at it this way: parents are giving back to society.
The separation of church and state in the West.	to us, an abandonment/separation of church and state was the first major move that allowed the west to begin its period of global dominance.	times before that, marked by christian kingdoms and the catholic church is heavy influence are commonly referred to as  the dark ages.
Monogamy and ethical considerations in relationships.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	if there is cheating, you are breaking an agreement.
Wealth and Employment Status Affect Quality of Life.	an able bodied person who works is going to have more wealth and likely lead a better life than an able bodied person who does not.	there is a host of labor that is effectively done for free that still contributes a lot to society.
Controversy over the use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	everything you feel about why those two different letters make it bad is the same why it is offensive for you to say  mah nigga  or anything.
Opting out of Social Security and its consequences.	i firmly believe that there should be a law allowing anyone who wishes to opt out of social security to do so.	the net would collapse or would have to be funded in some other way.
Tax-exempt business buying undisclosed property.	the business buying the house is a tax free organization.	the company wo not say who may be living there.
Uncle's job as a cop dealing with domestic violence.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	so your  facts  are based on an argument from ignorance URL nice.
Debate on Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	in addition to recessive genes, and there are also conditions that only manifest when certain  combinations  of genes are present.
Comparison between vans and pickup trucks for moving.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	there are also covers you can get for the bed of your truck that protect it from wind/water.
Selling products using personal songs and art.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	this depends entirely on the content of the commercial.
Geography and national security.	the us is protected by two huge oceans.	they have not protected us since day one.
Limitations of an all-powerful being.	if you have an answer to that question, that same answer could be translated to the universe.	this goes against every known law of physics.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	what the government does affects everybody, what individuals do affect only few.
Gymnastics requires mastery of precision and form.	though other sports include the use of precision and form as well, gymnastics requires one to master these skills.	we have to think about every move in every individual skill in every full routine.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	custom made notes and things made on pdfs have a non negligible chance to bug out, to lose entire sections, to completely reset.
Living conditions in Africa.	africa was, and still is, a pretty awful place to live in.	from the s to quite a bit past , i believe africans would be better off in africa.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	i believe that expensive engagement rings and elaborate wedding ceremonies are a waste of money and only serve to make women feel spoiled and/or special.	if feeling good is important to you, and if a certain event makes you feel really good, how can it be a waste of money ? but if a wedding/ring is more important to them than a down payment on a car, it is not a waste.
Obama's responsibility to address cyberbullying in schools.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	because obama knows the difference between being the  leader  of a country and being a school aged child.
***Topic: The Need for Big Scale Economic and Global Policy	big scale economic and global policy is needed, because the problem is trillions of times bigger than one guy and his yacht.	put regulations in place whilst the individual does not care about their personal carbon footprint and companies will just find ways to get around the rule and care less about any media backlash about it as it is not a key selling point.
Importance of taking a day off on your birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	because the date is important to people URL i find it explained very well in that thread why a birthday is important.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	both opinions are vallid.
Social etiquette and behavior.	if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	but they just do not care.
The nature of amoral behavior and social contracts.	and what we think is  amoral  is actually just a social contract.	it is punishable by death in many places, because taking another person is life is believed to be wrong and immoral.
Censorship of Swearing in Kids Shows	i will also add that yes, i also do think that swearing should not be censored in kids shows either.	kids are going to eventually hear these words, so why cover it up for   years or vaguely disallow it when they are going to eventually hear about these terms in the future ? kids are eventually going to have sex but that does not mean it is healthy for them to watch porn.
Refugee right of return and possible solutions.	I don't think refugees have the right of return.	you will basically be forming quasi palestines across the middle east the nations that have the refugees will be responsible for their care in terms of social services, edudcation etc, rather than unrwa now, again, cost issues are not insignificant this idea would punish random states, some of which are borderline stable at best, and destabilize them further, in an effort to give the most stable nation in the middle east an easier time of occupying the refugees homelands and hometowns.
Critique of Capitalism and its Alternatives.	the exploitation of the working class, the environment, and the like, in the pursuit of profit, then, is an assault against all of humanity.	revolutionary socialism was a failure and produced dystopias see: maoist china, stalinist ussr, pol pot is cambodia, the dprk at such a high rates that the argument  it was not real socialism  wears rather thin.
The difficulty of impressing audiences in entertainment industry.	we can no longer shock, horrify, scare, or blow the minds off of audiences any more.	movies and tv are no longer for everyone.
The ethics of suicide and societal intervention.	if you have committed no crimes against someone else, nor infringed upon their rights, society has no right to stop you from taking your own life if that is what you so choose.	assuming society could stop suicide then we would because another person living helps everyone in society in some way, especially someone that is a non criminal.
Real names and consequences for online behavior.	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	anonymity is crucial.
Advantages and limitations of using tablets for reading.	a tablet saves trees, carbon dioxide, etc, but reducing the amount of paper that would normally be printed out.	so you essentially invalidated your own point.
Comparison of parenting styles: biological vs polygamous vs same-sex marriage.	the only valid statistical studies we have have shown that a biological mother and father to be the best, on average, for children.	polygamy has its own unique challenges that do not apply to same sex marriage , that its proponents will need to convince the greater public on, before it can be accepted.
Concerns about education quality and tax revenue.	i have no problem with people getting a good education, but with all the extra students and not much more tax revenue for the schools, the quality of the education lowers.	what if a concentration of new people in your downtown allows new shops and restaurants to open up, they will generate economic activity and pay taxes as well.
Defining the central ideology of feminism.	the main idea of feminism is to against the belief in the patriarchy and institutional misogyny.	you say this as if it is the central ideology of feminism, which it is not. feminism is the examination of power and discrimination in society. this started as the examination of the effects on society where men have all the power. before voting rights of women, i think you most certainly do not disagree with the idea of the patriarchy.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	i believe that expensive engagement rings and elaborate wedding ceremonies are a waste of money and only serve to make women feel spoiled and/or special.	sometimes, the wedding industry makes it seem that weddings are only about the bride, but that is not the case for many couples, for them it is about both of them.
Differences in coping mechanisms in a relationship.	for example, say i am in a relationship and i value alone time when i get stressed.	the literal actions that you take to provide the support do not matter; the rule only applies to the fact that you should help/support this person because you would want to be helped/supported yourself if you were stressed.
Misconceptions about the nature of gods.	gods are just humans who have had a good million or so years to evolve.	if you mean a human species that evolved over a million years, well, that is us.
The value of convincing someone that life is worth living.	people should use every means short of restraints to convince someone that life is worth living.	unfortunately this does not apply in the vast majority of societies and thus is clearly not an unalienable right nor is it their final choice to make.
Liberals' disgust towards desecrating knowledge and burning libraries.	liberals are simply disgusted by different things, for example desecreating knowledge: burning books or libraries.	they are not disgusted just outraged.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	god, according to my theology, is unchanging.
Individual rights and justice.	i do not see how one of group of humans has the right to restrict another human is movement and intimately control their life.	they do not get the freedom to say what they want, they do not have the freedom to buy gun, and some do not have the right to live.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	all that crap makes the victim feel worse because it all implies that the rape was somehow a natural result of something they did rather than being all the fault of the rapist.
The nature of amoral behavior and social contracts.	and what we think is  amoral  is actually just a social contract.	just because it is a social contract does not mean it is not real.
Justice system and punishment methods.	imagine if someone came into your life, took away someone you held near and dear, causing suffering to you and everyone who knew them.	while the input of an aggrieved victim or their family is valuable and often listened to, ultimately criminal punishment is a judgment made by  society  to achieve justice, not by individuals or to make people whole.
Regulations for bicyclists on public roads.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	if only we tested drivers more.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	i understand you want the freedom to use whatever language you like because you are an adult and you no longer have to live by your father is rules.
Musical talent comparison between Page and Peart.	no one picks up a guitar and shreds solos like page.	pop singers are not loved purely for their vocal skill though i agree with others who suggest you do not understand the difficulty of being even a moderately good singer they are loved for their entire persona, as expressed through their lyrics, performance, interviews, appearance, and yes, their voice.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	so if someone is writing an essay about, say, the united states justice system, they might say:  there are limits to what the state can do when conducting an investigation on a private citizen.
Learning from reality TV shows.	lessons of trust, betrayal the art of deception can be learned from shows such as big brother and survivor.	depending on the shows in question, i would not be surprised if a child reared on those shows held bigoted views as a result.
Household chores and responsibilities.	you now would have to do all that shit on your own.	and while this work does increase when you have a partner it is not a linear increase.
Dealing with allegations.	denying the allegations puts you in the awkward position of calling someone a liar.	there are disgusting people, and then there are scum who destroy other peoples  lives for frivolous fucking reasons.
Democratic control in workplace and accountability of leaders.	rather than having a boss in charge who dictates everything, the workers would exert democratic control over the direction of the company.	how would you take control of someone else is business without state intervention ? however, i doubt anyone would disagree that just because, say, a senator takes a risk, does not mean that they should not be unaccountable to the people a senators job is to be accountable people.
Inherent cognitive biases and misinterpretation of data.	i cannot be sure that i am not inherently designed in a way that forces me to believe falsehoods and misinterpret experiential data.	try explaining colour to someone blind from birth, or sound to someone deaf from birth, and you will fail.
The Israeli-Palestinian conflict and potential solutions.	until israel endorses either a one state solution, or a two state solution, the israel government is, at best, disingenuous.	israel officially endorses a two state solution.
Ad-blocking and website content access agreement.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	they range from being irritating when i am on sparknotes, i do not want my train of thought be distracted by obnoxious promotions , to disturbing sites often have offensive or pornographic ads , to plain malicious ads that download viruses or unwanted content.
Advantages of Welfare Reform.	there is also the huge benefit of less resentment of those on welfare.	treating poverty as a momentary obstacle to be overcome rather than as something that results from a personal defect will give people the attitude that they should try to overcome poverty, rather than just give up and soak up more entitlements.
Problems with BYOD in education.	there are many other problems that byod could cause, such as cheating, distractions, resistance from those who hate change, spying, and overall forcing students to integrate technology even deeper into their lives.	unless i am wrong, usually the only application that would even be used are microsoft word or powerpoint or using the internet to research so there really is not any issue with having their own device.
Comparison of superhero film franchises.	hero is fine, shit happens to hero, hero saves day, the end.	furthermore, i think you are completely ignoring characters in favor of plot.
Choosing to Keep or Change Last Name After Marriage	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	maybe you might like your name ? my girlfriend likes her unique last name, and has said she wants to keep it for that reason, rather than take my dull last name.
The existence of God.	i have always felt like the idea of a god is a way to compensate and try to make sense of things that does not make any sense.	is it necessarily naive to slap an answer onto a question that we can never answer anyway ? the answer of  there is a god  is as scientifically viable as the answer of  there is not a god.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	it is pretty easy to separate the people who are just looking for a hook up from those who are looking for something more substantial.
Internet and Social Networking Usage.	or users would just stop using social networking as much.	users want a space to communicate, not a lesson on how to communicate.
Racism and Reclaiming the Word "Nigger"	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	it is also not just black people who would not want you to use the word nigger as i would not either.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if i were to drive at the speed limit, i would be a road hazard.	the economic cost to society of speeding related crashes is estimated by nhtsa to be $ billion per year.
Religion's Influence on Creating a Secular Society	their history is too inextricably linked with religion to create a long term secular society.	the rise of the west started in nd half of the th century.
Opinion on banning pet cats.	The federal government should ban pet cats. basically my view is rather simple i hate cats.	first off, i would say, as a general rule of thumb, that nothing at all should be illegal or restricted just because you personally do not like it.
Streaming quality and selection on various services.	the selection across pretty much all streaming services is crap.	is the netflix selection better than the local walmart ? does spotify have a better selection than the local music store ? with physical things, there is an inherent limit to the selection.
The importance of appearance in first impressions.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	if anything, online dating allows you to be less superficial, especially since a photograph rarely does justice to someone is physical attractiveness.
Rules against stereotyping and attacking groups based on beliefs.	rules against attacking groups defined by belief.	political parties often have clear lines on topics such as abortion or gun ownership.
Justification for a preemptive strike.	the attacker could just be waiting to recoup and attack again, especially as vengeance for being bested.	it serves you right.
The importance of appearance in first impressions.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	when you meet a total stranger in person,  all  you know about them is what they look like.
Household chores and responsibilities.	you now would have to do all that shit on your own.	this is entirely dependent on the household in question.
Death and its implications.	in short, choosing death means choosing the easy way out.	choosing death is siding with death, which means taking a stand against humanity.
The subjectivity of opinions in news media.	opinions are seen as facts that are carelessly spewed from various news propaganda organizations.	an opinion is never an argument, and  everyone is entitled to their opinion  is not testament to the opposite.
The authenticity of social media posts regarding mental health.	these kinds of posts are easy to fake for attention.	this kind of information could be sold to marketers, used to create accounts, etc.
Importance of challenging students and the benefits of diversity.	secondly, there is danger in leaving any students unchallenged.	people rise to the challenge.
Race and Libertarianism.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	under the law, everyone should be treated as equals.
Women's willingness to give up something for sex.	i ca not think of any scenario in which women are willing to give up something of significant value in order to get sex.	because they usually do not have to if all they want is sex.
Humanity's worthiness of a savior.	i do not think humanity really deserves a savior, especially at the cost of innocent life.	but the better off we are in terms of wealth and comfort, the better people we are.
Criticism of Obama's handling of racial tensions.	i think people are very quick to judge someone is actions, obama is recent criticisms along with the martin, brown, and garner, as specific intentions of race baiting.	with martin and brown, he asserts that black people should fear white people and be afraid to leave their homes and completely ignores statistics that ignore the fact that black people are more likely to be killed by other black people, and not the police or other whites.
Issues with lack of game criticism in online content creation.	the problem i have, though, most of the time, the uploader is just talking about their day or sopmething that happened in the game, never criticizing or commenting on the games.	also, saying that most lps are bad is not a good argument for your cause.
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	possibly some of it is out of naivety, but any owner of a hangout is also going to do their best to make it seem that way.
Benefits of paying off small debts.	paying off a small debt instantly  adds  to your emergency fund.	if you pay off a loan that was $/month, you suddenly have $/month extra to budget with.
The dangers of indoor smoking.	once dissipated, the concentration of toxins is negligible.	the only legitimate complaint is that it is really annoying.
Banking practices and their impact on society.	how banks often seek to profit from things that do not really add value to society futures, derivatives, etc.	automotive repair ? real estate ? or any industry with large costs / potential for customer to be in debt ? it also ignores personal responsibility, i should know when a loan is too large for me to take out, and if i take it, i am actually the one taking advantage of the banks.
Negative impact of British colonization on India and beyond.	in countries like india, the very form of government, transportation system, schooling system, and many other indirect influence have their roots in british colonization.	that, and through their racial suppression of the natives, they forced them to be reliant on the europeans to run the show and helped make the continent the unstable region it is now.
Advantages of sliced sandwiches.	first, a sliced sandwich is always superior to one that has not been sliced.	but if you make sandwiches like dagwood or myself, you will find that the rectangular slice retains the sandwich contents better than the triangular cut which loses goodies from the tiny corners.
Abortion and Risky Pregnancies.	rape   risky pregnancies make up only a fraction of total abortions.	URL it is only one quarter of them that report no sense of loss.
Inequality in the justice system for the wealthy.	maybe if a few more senator daughters or ceo sons ended up in jail with clear video evidence we would see change in our laws.	the only reason the rich kids can get off happens  after  they have been detained by the police.
Nazism and its impact on common people.	we don't have to have zero tolerance for nazis, there were a lot of moderate nazis.	the last pope was a hitler youth URL the problem is that nazism was quite specific in that jews were the problem.
Criticism of the Last Republican President's War Actions.	the last republican president started two wars that killed thousands of americans and hundreds of thousands of foreigners.	not to mention that countless democrats and republicans have supported this since its inception.
Alcohol policy on campus.	kegs are not allowed on campus so we just have to spend more money on beer.	these types of rules are generally meant for the well being of students.
Biological basis of sex determination.	sex is solely determined by the sex chromosome, and there is not anything else to it.	there are cases where the human body does not get the right bath of hormones in the uterus when developing, or the sex organs do not develop the right way, or any number of things do not go according to plan and you end up with someone who is not strictly male or female.
Libertarian views on race and discrimination.	libertarians claim that the free market or  social pressure  will eventually lead to a post racial world.	a moral society does not force individuals to interact with people they do not want to.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	nobody is going to say  yea, i would not come here if i were you.
Window seat etiquette on airplanes.	but when i fly, i pay for a window seat, yet i am still expected to close the window for most of the time.	you pay for the window seat  position , but have no claim over the actual window.
Gender Bias in Workplace Dress Code.	women have the ability to expose their legs in the workplace, and men do not.	i would characterize it as a subjective social construct that nobody agrees on URL but has some roots in historical bias URL due to it initially being intended for young boys:  in much of europe and north america during the th and early th centuries  shorts were worn as outerwear only by young boys until they reached a certain height or maturity.
Religion and the concept of God.	if god created us in his image, why is he considered good when we are a violent species ?	devil is advocate i consider the belief in something supernatural as irrational :  being all knowing and all powerful leads to paradoxes.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	once again, selective memory is in our nature.
False accusation of rape.	if someone accuses a person of something as serious as rape, that person is life is now turned upside.	the very man you are talking about proves you wrong.
Comparison of superhero film franchises.	hero is fine, shit happens to hero, hero saves day, the end.	i am having a hard time thinking of many films where shit  does not  happen to the hero.
Controversial stance on birth control and reproduction.	therefore i would like to see methods of preventing birth like birth control and abortion illegalized, along with a legal requirement to reproduce.	you want to strip them of bodily autonomy for some poorly defined notion of  total happiness.
Heelies vs Bicycles on Roads	i want to ride my heelies here so i am entitled.	i will agree that plenty of cyclists have no idea how to interact on the road.
Misuse of Feminism and Gender Equality	i watch someone misuse the term feminism imo.	the sexes are to be induced to recognize each other is status, and to bring this recognition to such a point that equality will not even be challenged.
Challenges faced by atheists in society.	no one knows what your religious views are unless you tell them.	many religious people make very pointed interrogations and conversations about religion on a continual basis, both in personal and professional contexts.
Rules against stereotyping and attacking groups based on beliefs.	rules against attacking groups defined by belief.	other biases may present themselves when you look at the other ideologies defining the group.
Animal suffering and demand for meat.	given how economies work, demand for meat directly results in animal suffering.	there is a difference between the demand for meat in general, and the demand for meat sourced ethically.
Differences in coping mechanisms in a relationship.	for example, say i am in a relationship and i value alone time when i get stressed.	therefore, do not treat others in a way that stress them out.
The importance of prioritizing birth control in personal budgeting.	if you ca not make birth control a priority for your own personal budget, then why should you expect your health care to.	if i find out tomorrow that i need open heart surgery then my health insurance should help pay for this since i ca not afford it.
Contradiction in treatment of mutants in Marvel Universe.	at the moment, there is a weird contradiction where mutants are supposed to be  hated and feared  by everyone, but there are tons of other superheroes who seem exactly like mutants spider man, for example who do not ever worry about stuff like that.	i disagree, some of the best stories come from the interactions between mutants and non mutant superheros.
Limitations of a all-powerful being with different laws of physics.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	laws of physics are not constant throughout the universe, for example they do not apply to god.
Challenges with Rational Thinking in Textual Analysis.	two people saying vastly different things both being considered right hurts my fundamental understand of the way that rational thinking works.	textual analysis simply ca not use the same type of thinking.
Gender Bias in Media Representation.	so my question is:why are women allowed to have female centered mediums with biased views on men, but men are not ?	because we do not usually care.
Casualties in the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict.	by simply looking at the numbers of casualties on both sides, the casualties on the side of the palistinians massively outnumber the ones on the isrealian side.	if the criterion for  genocide  is the of casualties, and in this case we are talking about something like a thousand, then many wars occurring today are genocides.
Consent and Birth Conditions.	apparently, i consented to these conditions by being born.	if i refuse to go to prison, i am physically transported there.
The pitfalls of researching atheism and religion online.	there are a thousand places, a million internet hits, which one can browse to discover facts on the athiesm/religion debate and even the specific subtopic that was discussed yesterday.	there is no search term fudging, not nearly so much ability to dismiss data that disagrees, and the points being made might be things that you had not thought to google at all.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	to actually improve our conscious ability to do these tasks would involve either messing with the stream of consciousness, or rigging a computer that can be used to solve these problems to our brain.
Fitness and Body Size.	the prevailing opinion is that being massive being fit, and that is just plain wrong in my opinion.	weights are certainly heavily emphasized.
Challenging students in public education system.	there is danger in leaving any students unchallenged.	but if they are  gifted , then it will show in those areas.
The ethics of guaranteeing certain rights for all people.	saying that  being given x is a guaranteed right for all people  is the same as saying that  people can be forced to provide x for someone  which to me seems like a type of morally justified slavery.	you can leave  the club  if you so choose, but for as long as you choose not to you will be forced to pay your membership dues and obey the rules.
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	if it happens, a refusal to abort is not a restriction on bodily autonomy, and they should see the pregnancy through.
The aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	of course, tattoos are more permanent, but there is still a loss for other things, like a car you wo not usually make all your money back.
Lack of interest in local politics and voting.	why would i want to give my vote to another ?	you have still removed any representation you have in politics, and merely given someone else more representation which is bad for democracy.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	but with your new freedom comes responsibility.
Scientific theories and laws.	scientific theories could be tweaked, and interpreted differently, which would not make you wrong, but does make your perception of the theory called into question.	a scientific theory and a law are two different things.
Frequency of Moving Heavy Objects.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	third, i go do things on my own that require me hauling equipment far more often than i am driving more than one person somewhere and we do not need any equipment.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	if feeling good is important to you, and if a certain event makes you feel really good, how can it be a waste of money ? but if a wedding/ring is more important to them than a down payment on a car, it is not a waste.
Racism and Cultural Appropriation.	c more and more people are acting blacker.	blacker ? what the hell is blacker ? how does one act black ? racism was still very prevalent just  years ago ! blacks were slaves  years ago.
Survival of the fittest and euthanasia in groups.	oftentimes, those who jeopardize the group through their existence but not necessarily through any fault of their own are often euthanized.	how did man survive the ice ages if only selfish feral acts led to survival ? once again do you have evidence for this or is this more fiction ? once again i think there is more evidence for the opposite mindset.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	one of those changes is that ssn turned into a piece of sensitive information.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	the majority of opposition to climate change science comes from people who have a vested political or economic interest in shutting down the findings.
Discussion about mainstream music artists and Nicki Minaj's talent.	say all you want about iggy being talentless and mediocre which can be said about most mainstream popular music artists and performers, what can i say ?	are you a writer for tmz ? this is all speculation and basically a straw man.
Revolt of sports team for social justice.	the idea that a team s would stage some sort of revolt is hopelessly naive.	radison hotels temporarily pulled sponsorship from the minnesota vikings when they invited adrian peterson back to play the week after he was arrested for beating his  year old kid with a stick.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	please give women more credit than to merely parrot what society says.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	if you want a  nice  break, i suggest looking towards thanksgiving, christmas, or summer break.
Criticism of Macroevolution.	my entire analysis of evolution has been based on the idea that macroevolution is false.	if you start from the assumption that it is false, and you are emotionally invested in this assumption, of course you will convince yourself that it is false.
Risks of saving nude photos on phone.	i do not see any sort of reward for saving nude photos on your phone.	let is concentrate instead on risk.
Police shooting of Michael Brown.	michael brown was selected at random by the officer.	it seems much more likely that this was a situation that simply escalated out of control.
Police brutality and lynching.	the purpose of lynching is to terrorize a minority community.	but i do not see any reason to believe that the officer approach michael brown with the intent to kill him initially.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	i am going to explain my procedure.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	obviously, there is holes all over that hypothetical, but the point remains: you ca not  kill  an idea by killing people.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	plenty of people have different last names from their parents, etc, and they are still just as much of a family unit as those that share a name.
Investment in Boarding Schools in USA.	investing on such boarding schools is not a big deal for countries like usa.	is a cheap comment that will net you applause, but it is ignorant.
Heelies vs Bicycles on Roads	i want to ride my heelies here so i am entitled.	a cyclist who takes his or her bicycle on the street knowing that there is an issue such as a broken spoke is taking that risk upon themselves.
Gender and racial categories in sports.	i think if sports are broken up into male/female categories for fairness then sports should also be broken up into racial categories for fairness.	that is not the assumption that is being made at all.
Making informed decisions versus immediate decisions.	others have the incentive of going with immediate decisions without making an informed choice, which i would reason, ends up in regret.	deliberation is good, but action more often than not is better than inaction.
Malware and Free AV Software	i am starting to feel like the programs are becoming more and more malware like every day.	forgive me for my perceived hostility in my previous post, but as an it guy and also as a home user who has used many many different av solutions over the years most being free, all of your arguments fall flat even if you pay for it.
British stereotypes.	a negative stereotype is that the british are known for their deceit and lies, from which their old oppressive empire was established.	britain went to war with germany twice; once over a treaty it signed with belgium  years prior and again with a treaty it signed with poland.
Debate on the Death Penalty	the death penalty makes no sense in modern society.	there is nothing inherently worse about the state executing someone than one citizen killing another, and in fact there are many advantages, including factors such as due process and rule of law.
Marriage and Divorce Statistics	you are not even married yet, and you are already looking forward to the divorce !	 of marriages end in divorce although  of newlyweds think their is will last forever.
Importance of Happiness vs Money	doing what makes you happy is just as important as making money.	either you are happy or have good income.
Importance of diplomas in society.	my view is that the purpose of a diploma is to prove you are able to function in a civilized society.	my parents do not have diplomas from highschool.
Reincarnation and empirical evidence.	what is the most logical argument against the idea of reincarnation that you have heard or can come up with yourself ?	to date, no one has gotten past preliminary tests because, again, the aforementioned lack of empirical data.
Accountability for civilian casualties in Gaza.	israel should not be held accountable for civilian casualties in gaza when hamas is actively trying to increase civilian casualties by firing missiles out of civilian buildings.	is the death and destruction of hamas supporters created by israel proportional to the death and destruction created by hamas ? if i poke you with my finger, is cutting my head off justified ? is cutting my neighbour is head off justified, as an unfortunate casualty.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	for a better explanation, see these images of earth under various frequencies of light: URL it is not a different world, just better information regarding the same world.
Animal Sentience and Consciousness.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	i wish to live for as long as possible  is not logically equivalent to  i wish to live.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	but anyway,  you are misunderstanding their actual motives for creating these rules.
Evidence for an intelligent designer creating the universe.	bb says: at some moment, all matter in the universe was contained in one single point.	in any event, there is extremely solid evidence for  all  of this stuff.
Misuse of downvoting on Reddit.	secondly, downvoting is not supposed to be an implement of disapproval at least, not on reddit .	simply upvoting without providing a comment can be seen as lazy.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	some people say it does, others say the limit cease being reasonable at a far smaller magnitude.
Criticism of human nature and selfishness.	i would never sacrifice the person i cared most about to help such a selfish, deliberately ignorant, and self centered species.	we, as a species also have a horrible habit of choosing the most cruel, psychopathic, and merciless leaders simply because they are witty and charming.
Libertarianism and Discrimination.	i tire of discussions of natural rights and how libertarians treat everyone with equality, because everyone is allowed to discriminate equally !	i am sure some do, but that is not the reason they support allowing discrimination.
Morality vs. Power in a Country's Strategy.	i believe x now has a strategic advantage over y because while y is concerned with morality, x is concerned more earthly things, like conquest.	would you rather have an immoral country with power, or a moral country with power ? you see it for what it is because of your freedom of thought and expression.
Plurals and language rules.	second, a lot of those words do not actually end in   i  in their original languages.	plurals do not end in s because of a rule.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	the first step is to glance at the two cars you are going to be parking in between as you pull up.
Definition of true peace.	i personally think true peace is the time when humans as a whole understand each other.	i do not mean for them to understand how i feel when i have experienced something they have not, but rather that not everyone is mentality is the same.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	that is assuming no alternate source of rare earth elements is available china is might run out in  years but they have an estimated  of the worlds reserves.
Sexual promiscuity and its association with love.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	if homosexuality is so strongly linked to promiscuity, why would we spend the last x years fighting for same sex marriage ?.
Self-defense and the right to be secure in person.	if you do not want a vicious beating do not go around attacking people unjustly.	you say that you have a right to be secure in your person.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	i ride my bike around town all the time and i have rarely, if ever, been in a situation where the lane was so small that, if i rode close to or in the shoulder, i could not be passed by cars.
Generosity and Expectations.	showing a readiness to give more of something, as money or time, than is strictly necessary or expected.	the reality is, these people actually owe you nothing.
Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	if being gay was because of a genetic trait, than that trait would be bred out of the species in a single generation, simply because it is impossible for gay people to reproduce.
Curriculum design and common practices.	we should teach what is the most common.	also, there are a bunch of gay kids in that classroom and their parents are paying taxes just like the rest of us.
Accuracy of Mundane News Stories.	but these stories take up an inappropriate amount of space in the public impression of the media, and are hugely outnumbered by the mundane stories the press gets more or less right.	information in newspapers will be  adequate  when papers are able to improve on the accuracy of press releases by investigating claims in those releases and correcting inaccuracies or misleading statements.
Education and student freedom in course selection.	students need to be given more freedom in their choices of classes, ect.	so you are saying kids are too good for math and science ? should we begin grade three with quantum physics because their brains can just learn anything with ease ? you gotta learn the basics before you can move on.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	but when he does, he can operate freely, turn on/off variables like gravity and physics, and set things up the way he wants them.
Wedding ring expenses.	the idea that you should spend half or more of a yearly income on a wedding ring is the most disgusting financial advice i have ever heard.	i do not think i have ever heard anyone suggesting  months of income on an engagement ring.
Depression and its impact on others.	how rude for my depression to inconvenience the people around me.	would really hate for people to suffer pain and misery without anyone to help them with it.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	every second, that electron moves the distance of one electron towards one  edge  of the universe which is expanding.
Capital punishment and ethical concerns.	imagine if someone came into your life, took away someone you held near and dear, causing suffering to you and everyone who knew them.	do you really believe that they should go out with a simple poke ? i perfectly understand this reaction if this happened to you personally.
Personal growth and sexual experience.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	the sad fact is that many people go through life with very poor ideas on how to socially interact, especially with the opposite sex.
Swiss-like foreign policy and government services.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	the us does not have the ability to do that and maintain our current level of comfort.
Capital punishment and use of the electric chair	some of these people who commit these crimes make me want to personally execute them.	so you are no better off than the criminal here from a moral standpoint.
Two-state solution and Israeli annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the two state solution, israel would have to treat a palestine, as a country, with sovereignty.	seems to be israel is position.
Limitations on Freedom of Speech	as the first amendment only guarantees that the government shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech, the act of detaining those who exercise free speech is not explicitly illegal, and would fall under the category of a false arrest.	the fundamental issue with your argument is that you seem to believe that all assemblies for all reasons are lawful, which they are not.
Importance of taking a day off on your birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	the exact date of your birthday can be special for you because you make it special.
Becoming a Military Doctor and Paying for Medical School.	my plan was to graduate college and join the ushs the military medical school and become and army doctor. i am also poor and medical school in the military from what i understand pays for smart kids.	you may end up as a general surgeon, or doing several gmo tours before starting your  year neurosurgery residency.
Mental health and counseling	i do not see any reason why i should not want this.	your potential group of people who you can interact normally with will shrink drastically the further up you are.
School liability waivers.	in my school, for example, in order to attend we have to sign waivers.	if it were, the document would be meaningless because you signed it under coercion.
Accountability for civilian casualties in Gaza.	israel should not be held accountable for civilian casualties in gaza when hamas is actively trying to increase civilian casualties by firing missiles out of civilian buildings.	you seem to talk in absolutes, not in what is a fair and just response, and balance between justified defensive action with unjust innocent casualties.
Pronunciation of Latin phrases in English.	us/english pronunciations of latin phrases show the speaker is complete ignorance of how sounds are formed in romance languages.	but this does not excuse pronouncing  a fortiori  as  ey for tay or ey , when an authentic pronunciation would be  ah for tih or ee.
The impact of creating separate museums on American unity.	creating a separate museum just intensifies feelings of separateness.	look at it this way: as dubois said, black people have one foot in africa and one foot in america, and maybe the only way to do their history justice is to look at them through the prism of both types of museums.
Moral significance of animals and their killing for enjoyment.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	does this argument hold true for suicidal humans ? may i morally kill someone in a humane fashion so long as they do not have a will to live ? if not, what are other distinguishing factors between humans and animals that qualify your argument.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	with no ultimate universal ethical authority, i believe that a person is only obliged to do whatever pleases him/her not necessarily short tem .	this is easily supported by the ton of debates on whether or not something is ethical.
The impact of ridesharing on immigrant taxi drivers.	finally, ridesharing is taking jobs away from hard working immigrants who come to north america specifically to drive cabs.	this is progressive mentality at its worst.
Correlation between intelligence and income.	there is a high correlation between intelligence and income.	because of socioeconomic realities, this is true, but  only to a certain extent.
Advancements in public health.	from hygiene improvements, to increasing indoor plumbing, to funding research programs into vaccines and future medicines.	preventing spread is the best thing to do.
Driving etiquette and rules in the US.	the burden should be on you to get around me since i am going at or above the speed limit.	my answer is that you should merge over when safe to do so.
Racial profiling and discrimination by police.	but if the same policeman finds a black kid with facial tattoos, a thick accent and pants around his knees we see that kid go to jail.	the cops do not know if someone is the son of a ceo or senator.
Lack of Empathy in Young Children.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	then how in the world do non spanking parents discipline their children ? you make it sound as though spanking is the only way to appropriately punish children.
Comparison between beer and wine.	there are more things you can vary with beer than you can with wine.	truth is, they are just as complex and interesting as each other.
"Piracy in the Music Industry"	the music industry has brought piracy on itself.	the artist will not necessarily sell much more music simply because the price is lower and the profit wo not necessarily be higher either.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	soren kierkegaard with these words:  anxiety is the dizziness of freedom.
Comparing acoustic and electric music.	without vocal effects, bieber has been proven not to be able to reach the same notes as the white stripes have.	it is only after all the people that were alive when the art was made are dead can the assessment and impact of the art be known.
Difficulty of learning and education for exceptional individuals.	there are no difficult subjects to learn.	maybe there are not any hard classes but go find a professor you like and get involved in research.
The benefits of believing in a higher power.	if you believe in a higher power or god, you get rewarded if you are right.	how do you know you picked the right god ? based on this list, which obviously is not exhaustive, you have a less than  chance of being correct.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	i also recognize that ethics and personal values are highly subjective.	maybe some propositions about what you ought to do are simply true like statements about the natural world are true.
Importance of taking a day off on your birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	talking from myself we have almost always invited our close family godfather / mother, grandparents and some close friends to my birthday on the date of the birthday.
Gender roles and courting expectations.	therefore, the man has to  put in work  to get the girl, whereas the girl does not have to do any courting at all.	to say that a woman does not have to  put in work  in this context demonstrates a profound ignorance of women.
Beauty standards for women.	and places value in the superficial that is completely irrelevant.	becuase women  want  to compete, and people  enjoy  watching it.
Content distribution and fees for traffic load.	traffic heavy content distributors pay a fee because that is how infrastructure and traffic load work, and if you do not pay, the law kicks in with penalties .	additionally, content distributors are already paying for their own servers and outgoing bandwidth.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	once you learn how to use your mirrors properly, it is totally unnecessary.
Evaluation of Economic Policies	his recovery act almost single handedly saved the economy from a depression saving main street, and completing the unpopular tarp bill saved wall street.	it is not very popular.
Opinions on charitable challenges and personal donations.	i feel that these sorts of challenges like ice bucket challenge are the kind of things people would want to do anyway, and raising money is mainly an excuse to do so.	sounds to me like it is a win win.
Controversy surrounding the American flag and its history.	but i kind of consider the confederate flag to be like the nazi flag.	what do you think of when you look at the american flag ? do you think of:   the forced removal and extermination of native americans.
Patriotism and Job Creation.	many Americans think that creating jobs for americans is morally superior to creating jobs for people of other countries.	if you give an american the choice of  jobs in america or  jobs in china, of course they will pick  american jobs.
Handling emotional outbursts during a discussion.	the minute someone starts stomping their feet, uncontrollably swearing, crying, running away, or whatever no matter who is right and who is wrong the other is expected to drop their claim.	but it seems to me like you are suggesting anytime a person cries during a discussion it is blackmail and that simply is not true.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	also, our current civilization does not depend on miracle materials they are reserved for a civilization of the future.
The ethics of selling art for advertisements.	letting a company use your art for advertisements is as close to selling your soul as you can get.	this depends entirely on the content of the commercial.
Acknowledging the Existence of Horrible Black People.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	and you do not admit horrible black people exist, because their race has nothing to do with it.
Dangers of Revenge Porn.	but so can other behaviors by resentful lovers, such as gossip, cheating, backstabbing, betrayal, and financial exploitation.	revenge porn,  however, has an audience as wide as whoever can access the internet.
Limitations and safety concerns of self-driving cars.	if a self driving car is slower than the rest of traffic, or gets caught up on a branch that falls into the roadway, or fails to navigate a construction site, or slams on its brakes because a trash bag drifted in front of it.	many manufacturers are giving their cars the ability to go up to  mph over the speed limit to remain safe.
Challenges of Law Enforcement and Professional Standards.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	we hold many professions to very high standards, especially notable are hospitals and doctors.
Scottish referendum and UK's lack of involvement.	the current referendum was approved by the scottish parliament.	so the referendum has been blessed by the uk government which holds a majority in the uk parliament.
Religion's dual nature as conservative and revolutionary.	religion, in nature, is conservative and/or reactionary.	muahmmad lead a fucking army to conquer.
Theological beliefs regarding the nature of man and God.	but what changes by adding god to the picture ?	animals, thus they do not operate in a moral system.
Driving safety and emergency vehicle awareness.	not being able to hear emergency vehicles coming.	lip reading or a simple pad of paper can be used for this.
Popularity of summer Olympic sports.	summer olympic sports are more popular in general.	they both test athletes in their discipline and provide for exciting entertainment.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	from this, theft is unethical not because it violates a natural right, but because it violates the social consensus or contract.
Anti-abortion argument and its weakness.	the chief anti abortion argument is that fetuses are alive.	clearly being alive does not entail any right to life.
The role of the government in business and society.	society needs rich people to look up to.	most people are not clambering for small, upcoming businesses like your own to be encumbered with massive bills.
Non-monetary ways of providing for others.	please, give me an example of something that provides for others which does not run on money.	they are already doctors.
Protection from discrimination and individual responsibility.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	education and healthcare require effort and resources from other people.
Men's rights to opt out of child support.	men should be able to opt out of supporting a child.	we do not want a third party to exercise control even indirectly by financial support that would otherwise be required over another person is decision regarding what happens to their body.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	as such, we will never have the need to leave our solar system for raw materials or for new sources of energy.
Negative effects of derogatory humor on stereotypes.	derogatory humor also helps perpetuate negative stereotypes about groups that often deal with these preconceived ideas on a regular basis already.	this alone makes this argument completely unsubstantial.
The value of writing and existence.	my books would most likely just be lost to time and pointlessness, so why even bother ?	but i have been writing for a while and eventually the things i wrote started to affect people positively.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	by ignoring a product it tells the producer to make it available to you more directly than going out and pirating it.
Dieting and Burning Calories.	that would take hours to burn off, even with incredibly strenuous exercise and might lead you to give up on your diet for that day.	which is much more rational than inducing vomiting.
Opinions on Porsche cars.	a porsche is also a lot more fun to drive.	they are big, tough, rugged.
Homosexuality as a choice.	i think that participating in homosexual acts is definitely a choice.	having the  desire  to participate is the part that is not.
Realism of Bruce Wayne as a character.	and gives off the impression that bruce wayne is a real person and not just a persona.	i am kind of bothered by this bit;  the movies also do not show bruce is obsession and dependence with being batman; the nolan trilogy makes it pretty clear that he depends on being batman since he becomes a total recluse in the years he is  off duty.
Issues with the Penalty System in Sports.	the penalty itself lacks rationale, in that the offending player is simply victim of the laws of physics and momentum.	on one end you have a defender who stays perfectly clear of the kicker.
Criticism of environmental hypocrisy regarding private jet usage.	there is no hypocrisy, because no one is advocating the ban of private jets.	until these wealthy people start doing greener things, it will not be affordable for the rest of us.
Obesity and Legislative Impact on Healthy Alternatives.	point being, obesity only runs rampant in the united states because legislature is not there to deflate the cost of healthy alternatives.	or as simple as fast food or not.
Comparison of ethnic and religious violence in Europe and the rest of the world.	in fact, that is why i think most examples of ethnic and religious violence outside of europe did not really happen until europeans started meddling in foreign affairs.	what does religion have to do with anything ? when you are murdering innocent people, your a shitty person whether you are doing it for jesus or for karl marx.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	most of the awards were for innovations in set design, music, special effects, sound design, etc.
Police use of lethal firearms.	first off, why do your day to day patrol officers need lethal firearms ?	no, it is the result of civilians being, on average, very dangerous, because any of them could carry the ability to kill someone in their belt.
Democracy and Trust in the People.	in order for democracy to work, we put faith in the people.	by any measure the average american is better educated today than at any time in american history, and certainly moreso than at the outset of popular democracy in the us.
Police abuse and accountability.	to clarify; i think these officers abusing their uniform are repulsive.	the man shot in wal mart for having a toy gun ? no charges, despite the fact that we have video of it happening and that video shows the man was not acting threatening at all ? police choke a man to death ? no charges, despite the fact that we have video of the killing ? police steal a thousand dollars from a man while a bunch of other police watch ? ai not been punished yet, despite the video.
Government transparency and censorship.	if every government told their people everything, there would be constant worry over nothing.	you are literally arguing for the right for governments to cover up their own misdeeds or the misdeeds of others or those acting in their name.
Testing Ideas in Physics	ideas in physics are much easier to test.	the experiment that proved the presence of the higgs boson took place at the large hadron collider at cern, an enormously complicated and expensive facility.
Marijuana legalization and police surveillance.	if i smoke marijuana i am infinitely more prone to danger from police then from anyone or anything else.	you you be ok with wearing a camera on yourself every time you went out in public in an effort to reduce crime ? unless you live in washington or colorado or have a medical card in certain states if you smoke marijuana you are still committing a crime.
The social effects of identifying as a gamer.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	i would also point out that you have zero experience in what real online gaming is so you do not have much to compare your sports to.
Comparison of economic opportunities between USA and Switzerland.	us policies reduce its citizens economic and opportunities.	quite the contrary, if it were not for us policies and influence a lot of global trade and international business opportunities would simply not exist.
Regretting tattoos obtained at a retreat.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	the symbol held no meaning to their current life, and even though it was applicable when they got it, the feeling fizzled out after a few years.
Negative stereotypes of welfare recipients.	the program also contributes to the view of welfare recipients as lazy druggies and moochers.	what is your point ? what does this have to do with welfare recipients ? they do not get charged with anything for failing a drug test.
Problems with BYOD in schools and benefits of school-owned technology.	there are many other problems that byod could cause, such as cheating, distractions, resistance from those who hate change, spying, and overall forcing students to integrate technology even deeper into their lives.	are there any poor school district in the country that uses byod ? also school owned technology is not necessarily a negative.
The role of the government in business and society.	society needs rich people to look up to.	when a corporation is assisting society then i am delighted to see it doing well.
Value of entertainment media.	while three or four dollars is not much money on its own, the entertainment value of the product, in my experience, not worth the amount i pay.	but for someone else who wants to collect it, or read it with their friends, or study the artwork it may provide many hours of entertainment.
Violence and Self-Defense.	but once violence happens, walking away simply is not an option anymore.	if you choose to engage another person in a violent encounter you are morally and  legally  culpable for the consequences of that violent encounter.
Legalization of Racism and Market Forces.	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	meanwhile we see more and more cases of market forces stamping out bigotry.
Parasitism in the financial system.	when financial wizards who contribute nothing of value for the nation are able to capture increasingly more of the nation is productivity for themselves at the expense of everyone else, that is parasitism.	all businesses, large and small depend on credit to operate.
Political parties and voting in Croatia.	in croatia we mainly have a choice between two parties left and right which hold majority of votes.	i hate the two party system in the us, and i go vote rd party every election even if i do not especially like them, it is more of a vote for breaking the two party system because i refuse to let myself be part of the problem.
The Dark Side of Black Culture and Racism.	c more and more people are acting blacker.	i cringe when i see people try to talk like that because black people who are college educated do not talk like that.
Experience of reading and editing on a computer.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	again, i do not find this to be true.
Definition of terrorism.	but as the years go by the word is being more and more loosely defined.	here is the merriam webster definition of terrorism:  : the use of violent acts to frighten the people in an area as a way of trying to achieve a political goal  to me, that is pretty clear.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	it is mostly just essays graded on a subjective scale.
Racism and Cultural Appropriation.	c more and more people are acting blacker.	i greeted all my friends with nigger and also used to refer to my dark skinned friend as nigger.
Personal finance and household budgeting.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	the key premise here is that it is your money.
Offense and Misidentification.	I would be offended if being called something i'm not	it has nothing to do with being called something you are not.
Prioritization and Counseling for Social Dysfunction.	in addition to that, power, respect and a fame of sorts are my priorities too.	to be honest, there is not, as long as you are okay with the fact that there will be consequences.
Obesity and Legislative Impact on Healthy Alternatives.	point being, obesity only runs rampant in the united states because legislature is not there to deflate the cost of healthy alternatives.	in order to change public health, you need a significant cultural change.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	i have almost no impact on the road in terms of wear and tear.
The aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	for people who get tattoos with a symbolic meaning:  does it really matter if the meaning does not apply to their current life ? it is a testament to a feeling they once had, that they will always be able to look back on.
Sociopaths and Moral Quandaries	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	i think the last time there was a person in power that ignored what was  amorally right , crushed forces that threatened to tear society apart and did not value human lives, it did not turn out very well.
Alcohol and its potential consequences.	and the potential consequences of blacking out sound terrifying.	the majority of my favorite memories this past year i am sure alcohol was a contributing factor to.
Social isolation among gamers.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	what are your reasons to believe your own explanation is correct instead of these alternatives ? as someone who has played both competitive tennis and team fortress , this has not been my experience.
Toxicity in Gaming Community.	even i have recieved some hate messages for disagreeing with them.	some people ca not express their disapproval and also ca not actually change their minds, which is why i came to a subreddit where the entire point was being open minded and having an open discourse, at least in theory.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	just because an engagement ring may serve in only bringing joy does not mean that it does not have a purpose.
Marriage and Children's Success: Correlation or Causation?	children do best when their parents are married.	encouraging bad couples to remain together, based on the data observed in my previous paragraph, would be self defeating.
Benefits of colonization.	of course, i am speaking of only the good things about colonization.	URL   if it was not for the european colonizing the majority of the world, we would still be speaking a million different languages, having completely different customs, etc.
Issues Faced by Other Alien Species.	war, more and more dangerous weapons, corporate greed, government corruption, global warming, mass extinction, these are all issues that other alien species would likely encounter.	why should we expect aliens to have similar physiology, mental capacity, etc.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	an agnostic either is not sure or does not care.
Racism and Society's Segregation.	tell me why the society that condones racism is  better , especially for minorities.	i disagree to this generalization and feel sorry for anyone that thinks the majority of people on this planet are doomed to be racist if left to their own devices.
Welfare and Benefits Reform	if welfare were to be rapidly dismantled, i believe the us would be in a worse state.	i also agree that proper execution, tools, and training would probably make long strides to fix the system.
Gender equality and shared responsibility in society.	i just think that the system should be fair to both sexes.	not that likely, and super easy to avoid.
Controversy over Ten Commandment monuments on public land.	allowing ten commandment monuments on public land forces christian beliefs on all non christians.	freedom of religion is the capacity to practice or not as you wish, not to force others not to practice.
Tattoos and Employment.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	i figure it depends on the places, but generally speaking, most places that would hire people with tattoos are either elusively art oriented or service level jobs.
Subsidies for drivers and other modes of transportation.	hence everyone else, who has better things to do than drive everywhere, are forced to subsidize drivers in their irresponsible choices.	to want to see harm done to a group of people sounds more like revenge then fair taxation.
Questioning personal choices and safety.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	the reason for this is that rape is due to the actions of another person.
Pharmacies and Vaccinations.	the shot is a big way for the pharmacies to make their money from a virus that is not even relevant.	having already established that the flu is indeed relevant, i will say that i agree there are many issues with the flu vaccine.
Criticism of Private Prison System and Property Rights Enforcement.	do not even get me started on the private prison system in the us.	even weak governments have a military and unless the multinational wants to gain a reputation for funding a coup d etat there is little that can stop the weak government from forcing the multinational to stay out barring the involvement of other governments.
Doubt about human and animal evolution based on biblical beliefs.	i do not believe; however, that humans are direct descendents of any species, and i do not believe that birds and dogs for example had any common ancestor.	the only rejection i made was that this showed evidence of greater evolution.
Comparing acoustic and electric music.	without vocal effects, bieber has been proven not to be able to reach the same notes as the white stripes have.	i think he will be completely forgotten in  years.
Stress and fear of failure in academics.	the thought of a bad grade on homework which should be helping us learn is just stress that we might fail and be punished for life because of it.	it is stressful and results oriented because the real world is stressful and results oriented.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	what you choose to embrace, or succumb to, determines the outcome.
Pros and cons of religion.	i really believe religion brings nothing but trouble.	the fact that you are about to have a break from work/school and gather with your family to have a lot of food and possibly exchange presents ? that is religion, bro.
Non-monetary ways of providing for others.	please, give me an example of something that provides for others which does not run on money.	just because something requires money to keep going does not mean it is being done for selfish reasons.
The value of existence and suffering.	if you do not exist as a living being, you cannot feel suffering.	this alone shows us that even in a world without pleasure, there would still be more feeling and experience than not existing at all.
Differences in coping mechanisms in a relationship.	for example, say i am in a relationship and i value alone time when i get stressed.	you would not like it if people did things that stress you out.
Men's perspective on discussing feminism and equality.	one of my frustrations when trying to discuss feminism or equality is that as a man i feel my ideas or opinions are largely ignored or attacked by women.	i do not think there is that big of a variance in what people think equal means.
The right to basic necessities of life.	right to basic necessities of life right to have anything that one needs to stay alive.	this is very broadly construed so broadly that you are arguing about something else entirely.
Controversy over abortion and fetal viability.	i watched a girl i worked with drink and smoke her way to a miscarriage when she had twins and then have an abortion.	furthermore, what is more careless terminating an unwanted pregnancy because your birth control failed, or proceeding with one when you ca not afford to raise a kid or do not want one ? first, if you care so much for this life,  you  assume some responsibility for it.
Online Dating and Consumerism.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	the other side is that you do not have to stick in a toxic relationship out of a fear that you wo not meet anybody else.
Limitations of Society's Scientific Discoveries and Inventions	and so as a society, we are restricting our discoveries and inventions to the small areas of science and technology that we know about so far, that we think are credible and worthwhile.	careful what you sacrifice in the name of growth.
Separation of Church and State	the modern state is more powerful and overbearing than any institution that has ever existed in human history.	in a secular government the church has  no  authority what so ever to enforce  legal  contracts.
Maturity on Reddit and Mental Health Support.	reddit often is not mature enough to deal with those kinds of posts.	and you know what someone did for me ? talked to me.
Religion as a Scapegoat for Logic and Knowledge.	people try to use their  religion  as a scapegoat for logic, reason, and the pursuit of knowledge; i. e.	if defying logic gives a person hope, or makes them feel like they are going to gain something, they will eat it up.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if we all obeyed them, traffic would come to a crawl.	why ? road says mph, no one is forcing you to go .
Scotland's potential independence and its impact on the UK's military.	well, first of all, the uk, currently the fourth largest military power in the world and a country that has a permanent seat on the un security council would be decimated in its strength.	while labor is powerful, scots feel that their interests are  consistently  downplayed in favor of english interests.
Men's rights in abortion and financial obligations.	therefore, i believe that men should either have abortion rights, or the right to waive all financial obligations to his child while abortion is still an option.	it is when the fetus becomes a baby that everything changes.
Political activism through contacting representatives.	everyone on reddit here says,  email your senator and fill out complaints !	most of the stuff is responded to by generic fill in the blank messages and the average person just does not give a shit because the average american population is highly uneducated and poor.
Religion and its impact on society.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	cults often take on followers and steal their money or even induce them to commit suicide.
Parasitic Strategies in Politics and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	pretty much everything republicans do can be explained by the perspective of: they want to destroy the possibility of effective government in order to help the rich and powerful.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	who needs a warrant or probable cause before conducting a search ? also the reader , according to the paragraph, provided they lack the context to properly assign each  you  one to the detainee, one to the officer himself.
Suicidal thoughts and fear of death.	i genuinely wish i had never been born.	that is silly.
Motivation and Mental Health Challenges.	every day users are more likely on average to lose motivation and become content with short term stimulus compared to achieving long term goals.	before she started smoking she would overdose on alcohol and caffeine pills, and complained that anti depressants changed her personality and made her feel empty.
Quality of life versus quantity of life.	but i would personally choose a happier, shorter life over a less happy, longer life.	so, not only your life would be shorter, you would also be constantly dealing with death of the loved ones.
Societal impact of a person's death.	but really, what does society lose from the death of that person ?	it is not the job of the police to be judge, jury, and executioner.
Polygamy as a recognized form of marriage.	when we last redefined marriage with no fault divorce, divorce rates skyrocketed and a number of problems worsened.	changes in divorce law allowed women to be able to divorce their husbands as before, it was much harder, if not impossible, especially if they were housewives with no job training.
The effectiveness of fire drills.	after all, experience under non life threatening drill situations hardly emulate life or death situations.	the intention is not to traumatize children with a life and death scenario, but rather to teach them what to do in an actual fire.
Comparison between vans and pickup trucks for moving.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	most of the pickup trucks i saw where not carrying a massive load, there was just a person in the truck.
Democracy and Individual Rights	the  people  in such a system no longer have the power, which is what a democracy is supposed to be.	corporations, unions, special interest groups etc.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	there are plenty of outlets for intelligent feminist discussion and none of them are tumblr or reddit.
Limitations of Mathematics in Producing New Knowledge and Truth.	descriptions in mathematics are less ambiguous, more strictly logical, and lead to greater insights than descriptions in english or any other language.	by the same token, does mathematics not produce any new knowledge ? hence, any study of truth within philosophy will be limited by our own imaginations or intuitions.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	the bible was written over the course of centuries, and it was written by humans different humans nonetheless.
Rights and Restrictions on Human Movement and Control.	i do not see how one of group of humans has the right to restrict another human is movement and intimately control their life.	if you break a society is rules you lose the right to live in that society.
Corporate personhood and limitations.	the rights and responsibilities belonging to people were extended to corporations.	they also do not have the right to not self incriminate.
Consequences of universal maxims.	by considering whether something ought to be a universal maxim, we are already considering the consequences of that thing being a universal law.	for kant, maxims are to human behavior like theorems are to mathematics.
Comparing acoustic and electric music.	without vocal effects, bieber has been proven not to be able to reach the same notes as the white stripes have.	by that logic an acoustic guitarist is more likely to make better music than an electric guitarist.
Limitations of human perception and reliance on science.	the truth is, our perception of our environment is very limited.	we know that science corresponds at least somewhat with what we observe.
Batman's portrayal in Nolan's movie adaptation.	none of the characters are faithful adaptations, and in a movie featuring batman, i expected nolan to leave the character is personalities and motivations intact.	because calling something a terrible anything to me implies that some kind of failure by the creator, but all of the choices that made it a  terrible adaptation  by your definition were very intentional, and may of them were strong contributors to its success as a movie in its own right by giving it better pacing, realism, plausibility, cohesion, etc.
Idealizing people and breaking down stereotypes.	back then i believed there was a distinction between party rats and nice girls, and she seemed to embody essentially everything about the  nice girl .	maybe she just wanted to have sex with someone experienced ? as soon as she found a  better option  she just left me in the dust and never showed any regret for ditching me.
Excluding convicted criminals from welfare programs.	excluding convicted criminals would reduce the cost of welfare programs saving money for more worthy recipients.	so your plan is to take people with a propensity for crime, and give them no other option than going back to crime.
Issues with the Penalty System in Sports.	the penalty itself lacks rationale, in that the offending player is simply victim of the laws of physics and momentum.	without ritk defenders would be able play a slow, methodical war of attrition against kickers.
The importance of a stable household for a child's success.	in order for a child to be sucessful, he/she needs to be raised in a stable household economically, socially, and emotionally.	having your parents get a divorce is the lesser of two evils here.
The importance of skill in creating quality art.	quality art takes skill, the possession of which relies on prior experience.	performing music or creating art exercise a variety of skills pattern recognition, creativity, etc that are hard to isolate and  teach.
Beauty standards for women.	and places value in the superficial that is completely irrelevant.	men are put under the same social pressure, they just are not allowed to talk about it traditionally.
The Complexity of Racism.	racism stems from negative stereotypes that are trumped up and oppress a people in a certain group.	that headdress, outside of its important role within their communities, is  only  representative of some of the native tribes who lived on the plains.
Privacy and Online Sharing of Childhood Memories.	today is adults grew up without their every  adorable  embarrassing moment being stored online for posterity.	what about taking a photo of your kid at an awards ceremony ? or doing well in some sport ? i.
Banning hate speech subreddits on the internet.	i also believe that the admins should ban subreddits that are based on hate speech, such as /r/whiterights /r/greatapes.	the internet allows all speech.
The effectiveness of fire drills.	after all, experience under non life threatening drill situations hardly emulate life or death situations.	a fire drill, imo, does not really seek to emulate an actual fire.
The importance of a stable household for a child's success.	in order for a child to be sucessful, he/she needs to be raised in a stable household economically, socially, and emotionally.	trying to live with parents in a shitty relationship who resented each other would have been worse for me.
Changing last name for practicality and tradition.	well obviously, you are making an assumtion that your family name is more important than theirs.	it is not that my name is more important than hers.
Homosexuality as a choice.	i think that participating in homosexual acts is definitely a choice.	if only that were true.
Maturity on Reddit and Mental Health Support.	reddit often is not mature enough to deal with those kinds of posts.	i was suicidal not that long ago.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	as such while equality before the law is important, it is not as fundamental as the right to own property.
Disgust sensitivity and violence.	i think liberals feel more disgust over violence and blood for example.	well, as it happens, the scale that haidt has used in the past to assess for disgust sensitivity includes quite a few prompts relating to blood and violence.
Views on Joining the US Armed Forces During Iraq War	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	this decision is made by politicians.
Thanksgiving meal preferences and tradition.	we keep lying to ourselves, while we fill up on everything but turkey.	the same can be said of candy canes, lutefisk, hamantaschen, bahn chung, or chirote.
Proposal to exclude non-contributors from society.	how about we reject the poor and people that do not contribute to society out of that society.	the consumers would still consume as long as they could factory grown corn   saudi oil but no bananas or fish and the problems of greed would be exasperated, not mitigated.
Nationalism and religion during WWII.	one cant think about wwii the strong nationalism back then can easily be considered as a sort of religion in my opinion without the genocide of the jews, homosexuals and mentally handicapped or anyone who disagreed with them.	sure, i have had a couple crappy experiences coming out to religious people, but i have also had crappy experiences with all the  brogressives  who pay lip service to the idea of equality, yet are not accepting of people who do not happen to be like them and this is almost always completely separate from religious influence.
Challenges with societal gender norms and definitions.	the problem lies not within people  being born in the wrong skin , but within society is narrow definitions of men and women and of masculinity and femininity.	the reason gender is so pre eminent in society is that much of the standards we use to determine what sex are, are also pretty flexible and/or impossible to gauge on a surface level.
Debate on whether only adults should be allowed to gamble.	also, many argue that since gambling is addictive, only adults should be able to gamble.	it would also be better to desensitize teens to gamble by giving them this right when they do not have to worry about bills, college tuition, etc.
Legalization of Racism in Housing, Employment, and Public Services.	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	yet you are supporting the government forcing business owners interact with people who they do not want to, with anti discrimination laws.
Controversy surrounding Arvo in a video game.	we all love lee even though he did something just as bad; we ca not judge arvo for what little we have seen of him especially in his state.	what i think you are forgetting is that arvo was a terrible person before all the bad stuff happened to him, and that he took out his anger on an innocent bystander.
Mandatory helmet use for cyclists.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	i have actually kept a tick sheet and actively look for cyclists on my way too and from work.
Body positivity and self-improvement for women.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	this is to counteract the dialogue that many overweight women have to deal with that they are not  real women  until they lose the weight.
Religion and its interpretation by local communities.	to which she replied that while the text never changes the rules do and that you just ignore the text.	it is the same with religion.
Happiness and Ignorance as Incompatible Concepts.	the view to challenge is the one of happiness being dependant on maintaining ignorance.	most of the people i admire most in my life are both happy and intelligent.
Existence of life on other planets.	also the planets do not have any evidence of life except for mars having signs of water.	well just because you believe in aliens does not mean you need to believe that theyve ever come to earth before.
Is not having children a good decision?	not having child is objectively a great decision, economically, time wise, etc.	however, i am free to choose what i do with my time and resources.
Value of art not based on time; art commissions and shows.	in the marketplace, art is value tends not to be based on the amount of time taken to create it.	there are always deadlines.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	since you brought up jealousy and it is an important topic to address i want to try to give you some insight how it works for me.
Online Dating and Consumerism.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	go to a party on a college campus or to a local club, and you will see where sex is cheapened.
Super Smash Bros Melee character lineup nostalgia	what was great about super smash bros, and why melee remains my most played video game of all time, was largely because the lineup was almost solely made up of iconic characters.	me thinks you are looking at a melee with a healthy dose of nostalgia if you think it was  almost solely made up of iconic characters.
Living conditions in Africa.	africa was, and still is, a pretty awful place to live in.	slavery lasted from the s to  in america.
The authenticity of social media posts regarding mental health.	these kinds of posts are easy to fake for attention.	banning the posts wo not do anything constructive.
Birth control as medicine for women's health.	and the reason is simple: birth control is not medicine.	keeping someone on birth control is much cheaper than paying for the the high costs of pregnancy including all the doctor checkups and tests during pregnancy, the cost of delivery, and the later costs of raising the child.
Subjectivity in religious theories and science.	religious theories are not made by objective measurements of an environment we only know from our observations.	this only indicates that the body of scientific knowledge may not be complete, not that it does not correspond to reality.
Voter ID laws and discrimination against minorities.	i do not believe that the politicians who made voter id laws did so to discriminate against poor minorities.	combined with photo id laws for voting, this means that a huge demographic would be almost neglected, or at least have their views and concerns silenced during elections.
Non-binary gender identity and terminology preferences.	who do not perfectly fit into little stereotype gender roles.	however, non binary gender identity exists, but different people call it different things, and some people prefer one term over another.
Native American history and conquest by Europeans.	conflict was aplenty before the usa was founded, and i do not feel the indians were innocent victims because of this.	if you do not feel shame as a st century american, i understand that.
The Complexity of Racism.	racism stems from negative stereotypes that are trumped up and oppress a people in a certain group.	it  might  be a different discussion if they were celebrating, say, lakota or sioux specifically.
Keeping last name in marriage.	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	firstly, this is a choice that you get to make.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	to be in my movie, it will make more, so i am willing to pay a premium to get him to act in it.
Beauty pageants and gender standards.	but hold women at a different standard than men.	men are put under the same social pressure, they just are not allowed to talk about it traditionally.
Inequality and Social Mobility.	i do not believe that people should benefit simply by being born into a beneficial situation.	you yourself have benefited from being born in a beneficial situation.
Privilege and Oppression.	everything after  heterosexual white male  is supposed to make me oppressed, but i do not feel oppressed and i certainly do not feel privileged.	it can be little things like the looks of judgment you mentioned that you sometimes receive when you park in handicapped spaces.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	there is no reasonable doubt or any question of what happened like there was in the micheal brown case.
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	the fetus ca not give consent for adults to have sex.
UBI and its potential impact on landlords and bankers.	therefore there will always be a limited supply and landlords and bankers will be in a position to take advantage of the influx of cash now coming in through ubi.	the government pays for the basic income the same way it pays for everything else: taxes with some borrowing.
Gender Bias in Workplace Dress Code.	women have the ability to expose their legs in the workplace, and men do not.	i disagree that it is a bias based on gender.
Fitness and Body Size.	the prevailing opinion is that being massive being fit, and that is just plain wrong in my opinion.	so of course when there are two options, it is not surprising to see them a lot.
Musical Instruments and Techniques	singing is simply a muscular contraction, you train your vocal chords to output a certain pitch and timbre.	playing guitar is just pushing down strings with one hand and strumming them with the other.
The importance of scientific evidence in society.	some of the greatest inventions and discoveries of humanity were the result of scientists ignoring what was politically correct.	and in some cases is not falsifiable at all   as a result, there are many fields that scientists would like to explore but ca not simply because of the political backlash they would suffer to their careers.
Perception and Limitations.	the truth is, our perception of our environment is very limited.	by making predictions that are always accurate, we peer closer to reality.
Selling products using personal songs and art.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	commercials are used to convey a message.
Categorization of beliefs and behavior.	however, by my understand of the definitions, a person must fall into one of the two categories either in their professed beliefs or by their behavior.	people who insist upon it would tell me i am an agnostic atheist, and sure whatever.
Men's redundancy in reproduction.	furthermore, reproductively, almost every man on earth has become redundant.	we deserve to be treated as people and not according to our specific gender.
Higher compensations for police officers.	due to their scarcity, cops will eventually lead to higher compensations to incentivize the fields.	this sound pretty good to me, it rewards good cops and tells everyone what is expected of them and why its worth it.
Athletic Ability in Summer Olympics	sports in the summer olympics take more athletic ability.	the summer olympics are made up mostly of sports that have stood the test of time and people have loved for a long time.
Sexual desire and gender differences.	but, in general i believe that men at large are more desiring of sex.	i think men are more likely to divorce the emotional and physical components of sex than women are.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	let us, for the sake of argument, postulate a higher state of consciousness exists.
Sexual promiscuity and its association with love.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	and heterosexual people have the whole business of prostitution.
Limitations of Science and Belief in a Creator.	there is a lot that we know about the world because of science, but we cannot say for sure that we know everything about our own existence.	it says there is no evidence for a creator, and therefore there is no reason to believe in one.
Separation of Church and State's Impact on Global Dominance.	to us, an abandonment/separation of church and state was the first major move that allowed the west to begin its period of global dominance.	the muslim world has not had a  years war, or a long history of pogroms.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	though evidence seems to favor one of the positions more some times.
Availability of PDF editing apps on tablets.	ipad and android tablets and i assume whatever the heck microsoft is is have very solid apps for editing pdfs.	they can highlight, make notes, bookmarks, etc, all those things can be done on paper as well where you have that physical connection to the text.
Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	finally, even if homosexuality is an evolutionary dead end due to a lack of babies, so what ? evolution is not and has never been established as a moral code.
Gender identity and biological sex.	the things that define what a  aman  is is essentially a penis, and likewise, a vagina for a woman anatomically and scientifically .	if you are another gender, how can you possibly feel what it is like to be a gender that is not your own ? there is a difference between feeling what it is like to be one gender and your brain identifying itself with a gender that is not in kind with your physical sexual characteristics.
Accuracy of biblical laws and the role of scribes.	laws were written specifically due to the times and the people in them.	some christians will happily make this distinction, and then pretend it is not a meaningful distinction when they want to use something from the  old law  and claim it is from their god.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	unless i am mistaken we still have no direct evidence of dark matter, it is still just a convenient explanation for why our theories are correct.
Religious justifications for violence in literature.	what other fashion can you justify genocide, bigotry and forced conversion other than proclaiming that your message is about peace and love ?	the japanese league of blood assassination plot was led by a buddhist.
The ethics of selling art for advertisements.	letting a company use your art for advertisements is as close to selling your soul as you can get.	do you apply these standards to other types of employment ? lets take bob for an example.
Oppression and Privilege.	i am a heterosexual white male, which according to some, makes me incapable of being oppressed.	for instance, if you are a worker, you are lower on the kyriarchy than a business owner, all else being equal, because workers are oppressed.
Economic Benefits of Increasing Population.	explain to me why the average person benefits from an increasing population like many economists say ?	if the nordic model could be exported to the rest of the world, then the quality of life could be improved substantially.
Morality and Bestiality	the thing about morality, is you may never change anyone is mind.	i do not want to debate this here.
Consequences of universal maxims.	by considering whether something ought to be a universal maxim, we are already considering the consequences of that thing being a universal law.	for kant, the process goes like this: consider an action, ponder the relevant maxim, apply the maxim, do the corresponding thing.
The art of magic and suspension of disbelief.	there is suspension of disbelief, not only for that magician but then for all magicians.	it even spoils the fun for magicians who do magic without camera tricks as people suspect it might be.
The difficulty of impressing audiences in entertainment industry.	we can no longer shock, horrify, scare, or blow the minds off of audiences any more.	we will still see new things.
Tipping servers and minimum wage.	serving food to customers is part of the server is job description and i am not required to tip other minimum wage workers following their job descriptions for providing their time and service.	to me, that is what earns people tips.
Violence and Self-Defense.	but once violence happens, walking away simply is not an option anymore.	there is always a smooth progression towards direct physical violence.
Superficiality and importance of appearance.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	i do not think that means they are harder to maintain, it means they are easier to replace.
Canadian soldiers and public reaction to their deaths.	canadian soldiers recently killed are receiving an undue amount of compassion and attention.	a dead soldier on the home turf who died while protecting our leaders ? that deserves some mourning and some coverage, and would not be coupled with  selective empathy.
HOA's goals and effectiveness in maintaining property values.	one of the main goals of an hoa are to help maintain or even increase the value of the homes in the neighborhood by preventing people from doing things that would lower property values.	it also does not  necessarily  mean they are actually doing anything to effectively pursue that goal.
Biological basis of sex determination.	sex is solely determined by the sex chromosome, and there is not anything else to it.	your chromosomes only contain the instructions.
Handling emotional outbursts during a discussion.	the minute someone starts stomping their feet, uncontrollably swearing, crying, running away, or whatever no matter who is right and who is wrong the other is expected to drop their claim.	if a person  purposefully  starts crying to try to manipulate another, then that is  emotional blackmail.
Property rights and regulation.	also, who could forget the absolute travesty that was blackwater ?	if the prisons are worse in terms of the treatment or relapse rate than the  public  prisons again this is corruption/negligence.
Comparison of gymnastics and rock climbing.	yet gymnastics asks one to maneuver their bodies into shapes that the human figure is not meant to form.	so what, if we selectively choose the most impresive facts from every other sport gymnastics looks like a cake walk.
Eliminating political parties	ca not we eliminate the parties and each candidate stands by his own beliefs, not the party is , and then we can elect someone the majority agrees with ?	there are better solutions than no parties.
Responsibility for persecution of atheists.	also, anyone who, for whatever reason, is persecuted for being atheist is at least partly responsible for their own persecution.	this is blatant victim blaming and i have a major problem with it.
Possessiveness in relationships.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	want to know why that worked ? because you did not give a fuck.
Canadian soldiers and public reaction to their deaths.	canadian soldiers recently killed are receiving an undue amount of compassion and attention.	your argument seems to be that we do not mourn those killed in combat operations.
Misunderstanding of Peer Review	because of this, we waste millions chasing after results a simple bit of peer review could have definitively ruled out for a fraction of the cost.	it is that we are not spending the money to double check that work.
Non-monetary ways of providing for others.	please, give me an example of something that provides for others which does not run on money.	money is just our most convenient way of exchanging quantities of time and effort.
Real Names and Consequences for Online Behavior	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	i have seen enough of those things get posted by people using their real names to know that is wrong.
Misuse of sarcasm as a response to criticism.	i realize that the  so edgy  response if often made half jokingly, which is completely fine.	i feel that in the end it kills the conversation, and makes fruitful discussion much less likely.
Purpose of movie trailers.	movie trailers have only one motive: sell tickets to the movie.	your distaste for them does not make them wrong.
Disadvantages of having a child.	having a child is objectively a bad decision economically, time wise, etc.	as you age you will start to realize the purpose the next generation serves.
Anime and its Historical Context.	i ca not stand most of the characters.	the anime can now be based on a bizarre setting, that would not have been possible with live action.
Challenges with Arab Muslim perceptions of Westerners.	i understand that not all arabic muslims want my head on a platter, but enough do to constantly have struggles over there.	the middle east is not one monolithic block that decides to be one thing or the other.
Reasons for keeping flawed traditional laws/customs.	what possible reason would there be for keeping a law or custom traditional if the said law or custom is in some way flawed generally either morally or due to limiting personal freedoms ?	for example prohibition of alcohol was actually an idea thought up and executed by  progressives  during that era ! it was the conservatives that opposed it.
Eating meat and ethical considerations.	you may as well either go back to eating meat, or go all the way and become vegan.	why not ? i eat some meat, but i certainly draw the line at eating something that was boiled alive lobster or chopped up while still alive sushi in japan or force fed till its liver nearly explodes.
Advancements in public health.	from hygiene improvements, to increasing indoor plumbing, to funding research programs into vaccines and future medicines.	that is a bit far to grasp.
Tattoo display preferences.	and a lot of times, people proudly display their tattoos.	can you expand on that ? and a tattoo ages with the body that it is on.
Police protection gear	police can wear teflon vests and other armor to protect themselves.	the  bulletproof  vests police wear will not protect against slugs fired from a shotgun, or against any type of long rifle.
Financial Responsibility and Choice of Spending.	i am forced to pay at least partially for all of these things and offered no way to choose where my money goes.	yes, a portion of your money goes to things you do not support; but likewise, things you do support are partially funded by other people who may not support those things.
The impact of ridesharing on immigrant taxi drivers.	finally, ridesharing is taking jobs away from hard working immigrants who come to north america specifically to drive cabs.	nobody is forced to take a ride with anybody else, if you do not like a driver/passanger you pass.
Comparison of ethnic and religious violence in Europe and the rest of the world.	in fact, that is why i think most examples of ethnic and religious violence outside of europe did not really happen until europeans started meddling in foreign affairs.	yeah i am sure they would be tolerant.
Criticism of Private Prison System and Property Rights Enforcement.	do not even get me started on the private prison system in the us.	anything past this point are in effect corruption or governmental negligence.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	anything else would require fully conscious ais to even attempt, and ones superior to human logic to be meaningful, which we are nowhere near actually developing.
Patents and Copyright as Property.	however, patents and copyright are not  property  in the sense that cars are.	if society does not respect rd parties who have bought these rights then those rd parties will not pay for them.
Challenges of social mobility in higher education.	as most universities give huge financial aid scholarships, poor kids who are able study hard and succeed in school have amazing opportunities in tertiary education.	but there is significant evidence that for a decent part of the th century basically since the s that kind of social mobility has been rare.
Men's rights to opt out of child support.	men should be able to opt out of supporting a child.	it might be the pregnant woman thinks the safer option is to leave and have the child elsewhere, hashing out custody and support concerns afterwards, should the father react negatively maybe even violently to the news.
Social contract and punishment for breaking it.	i believe that everyone of us that lives in a society has tacitly agreed to a social contract and to abide by the society is laws.	death penalty trials cost many millions of dollars.
Inherent cognitive biases and misinterpretation of data.	i cannot be sure that i am not inherently designed in a way that forces me to believe falsehoods and misinterpret experiential data.	you can then use these semi accurate senses to create sensors which are more accurate and can observe a wider range of input, and if everything continues to be internally consistent then you are still safe.
Keeping last name in marriage.	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	and even if you do not personally choose to make this decision i hope to change your view that choosing the alternative is legitimate, and is not indicative of the issues you lay out.
Abortion and American values.	so, if we take life through abortion, are not we defying everything americans stand for ?	the issue is whether or not a fetus is a person, and should have the rights of persons.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	imagine an average house  years ago.
Surveillance and Free Speech	years down the road, people expressing negative thoughts about the president will be seen as a  national threat , giving the government legal means to seize them.	actually most of the people collecting data on you are probably private companies.
Addiction and Responsibility.	addiction is a disease and a way to absolve people of responsibility for their actions.	well, the  cure  for nicotine addiction is to chose to stop smoking cigarettes, to abstain from them.
The importance of policy and politics.	neither of these reasons have dick to do with policy.	the choices you and your countrymen make every election will impact you in the future.
Homosexuality as a choice and "gay for pay" pornography.	i think that participating in homosexual acts is definitely a choice.	i have never chosen to be attracted to anyone.
Recording laws and human memory.	if two party consent is required for recording, one of the parties can still recite the conversation from human memory, without informing the second party.	allowing anyone to record anything they see and hear would make protecting that information much, much more difficult, and would provide little or no benefit.
Tattoos in the workplace.	would i even want to work for a company that is so narrow minded about what makes a good employee ?	because the money is good, you want to work in a warehouse or a coffee shop all your life go ahead, if you want to do business then do not.
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	the way i see it, if a couple legally consents to piv sex, both the man and the woman have implicitly consented to the possibility of pregnancy.
Limitations of human perception and reliance on science.	the truth is, our perception of our environment is very limited.	if our observations are real, and we can accurately predict how one observation or action will affect a future one, then it necessarily corresponds with reality, even if we all turn out to be computer simulations, because those observations exist are real, even if they do not correspond to what we think they correspond to.
Opinions on charitable challenges and personal donations.	i feel that these sorts of challenges like ice bucket challenge are the kind of things people would want to do anyway, and raising money is mainly an excuse to do so.	you get to do something you enjoy and donate to charity at the same time.
Challenges of Law Enforcement and Professional Standards.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	conversely, there is a lot of shitty cops who get to keep their jobs because they  just have not fucked up bad enough , despite having repeated infractions for fucking up.
Benefits of Appointing Active Bystanders in Schools	active bystanders also remove much of the burden from the school.	teachers cannot see every moment of student behavior, and a skilled bully can easily get the victim to act inappropriately violently or otherwise at the moment the teacher happens to be watching.
Challenges of mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.	why are we trying to push btc mainstream ?	there are data that show constant growth in adoption and that growth can also be shown to be exponential.
Rights of Homeless People.	homeless should have natural rights just as we do.	they are not on the street because there is not enough room.
US economy and foreign policy under Obama.	the economy has rebounded from a catastrophic recession with the djia and nasdaq reaching all time highs.	also, leaving iraq was probably premature we see that isis has taken advantage of us leaving and now we are back in iraq.
The use of spanking as a punishment for children.	spanking is the universal  ultimate punishment  for a child.	if you can teach the lesson without spanking, would you still feel spanking is necessary ? i believe that spanking is not teaching the lesson you think it does.
Suicidal thoughts and fear of death.	i genuinely wish i had never been born.	you are you.
The difficulty of impressing audiences in entertainment industry.	we can no longer shock, horrify, scare, or blow the minds off of audiences any more.	not because there are fewer breakthroughs.
Accessibility to basic human needs.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	theoretically, the perfect government provides everything its citizens want without taking away people is freedoms.
Debating the ability to prove historical setbacks.	you can not prove what and who set anyone back and you ca not have serious discussions where the main premise of the discussion is  what if  and  what would happen .	for example, most people will acknowledge that war sets us back, since it forces us to focus on the military aspect of society and not the scientific/cultural.
The right to basic necessities of life.	right to basic necessities of life right to have anything that one needs to stay alive.	you seem to be saying if there is a person that person needs x to live , then that person has a right to x.
Personal growth and sexual experiences.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	i strongly argue against calling it the path to take for  male self improvement  because it is extremely limited, horribly biased, and filled with a lot of really awful advice for anything beyond their focus.
Fitness and Body Size.	the prevailing opinion is that being massive being fit, and that is just plain wrong in my opinion.	there is nothing about being  massive  as being a requirement for fitness.
Car Hacking	also, cars can be hacked just like iphones jailbreak and other electronic devices.	any attempt to open that box sets a flag that says this car needs maintenance, and the only place it will drive now is to the repair shop.
Disproving Claims of Nonexistent Creatures.	similarly, if a scientist were to claim that unicorns exist and provided no evidence, the claim would be disregarded.	until we have extensive knowledge of literally everything both in and out of our own universe, until we are a near omniscient species, we ca not possibly prove or disprove that idea to the same degree we can the example of unicorns.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	if you do not care about it, what right do you have to force someone else to ? second, what impact does the presence or absence of this life have on you ? if none, then why should it be any of your business what happens ? that sort of thing needs to land people in jail even more so than regular disregard for developing life.
Discouraging pride in one's heritage and focusing on personal achievements.	you should not be proud that you are asian, white, black, or hispanic.	that would create a problem with being self righteous, probably worst than racism.
Risks of saving nude photos on phone.	i do not see any sort of reward for saving nude photos on your phone.	and more importantly it does not mean the theft you suffered was justified.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if i were to drive at the speed limit, i would be a road hazard.	there would be no  traffic  at all because we are all moving the same speed and therefore there is nothing stopping the flow of traffic barring the occasional incident.
Importance of Industry Experience in Politics.	we will finally be able to have smart politicians instead of popular politicians in office.	see the danger of letting the average person cast a vote ? i do not.
Leadership and Sociopathy.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	stalin did not pause his purges because he realized he was making a mistake, he paused his purges because his best generals gave him an ultimatum.
Sexism in video games.	if its actually a problem i want to see the statiscs, the science, etc that allows me to concede that video games need to change.	if you pressure all the women to leave, then they have every right to be upset with how they have been treated.
Opposition to needless abortions and consequences for lack of responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	if the child would be hard for you to raise financially than getting an abortion would not be a  needless abortion  if this child would be a determent to your life than it would not be a  needless abortion    which should not be valid because youre killing another body.
Freedom of thought and expression.	no doubt, the less hatred, the better. but using abusive ways to reach this goal is wrong.	people do have freedom of thought and are allowed to be a misogynist or a misandrist or any kind of bigot.
Criticism of Miss America pageant.	but i do not understand why these pageants are accepted and even celebrated.	who the hell are you to tell them it is irrelevant ? i work hard to have the body that i have today, and i am damn proud of it.
Body positivity and weight acceptance.	there is a lot going around the internet in regards to people being comfortable with their weight.	put some effort in to taking care of your body.
Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	gay people despite some minor inconveniences can create children.
Gender pay equality.	i seriously believe that men and women probably make a very similar number; a number so similar that there are no grounds for advocating either gender needs more pay.	basically, this is a research task, not a philosophical argument task.
Lack of Empathy in Young Children.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	so obviously these parents found a way to discipline their young children without physically punishing them.
Risks of saving nude photos on phone.	i do not see any sort of reward for saving nude photos on your phone.	while i might be technically correct about the risk situation, that does not restore your money or make you whole.
Benefits and drawbacks of reality TV and Gordon Ramsay's behavior.	reality tv is also a great source of knowledge on different cultures and societies that a regular person might have not got the chance to stumble across.	that   minutes of screen time will correspond to something like   hours of filmed time depending on the show.
Social contract and punishment for breaking it.	i believe that everyone of us that lives in a society has tacitly agreed to a social contract and to abide by the society is laws.	since this is our tax money, i think we should go with the most cost effective option that keeps him out of society.
Methods of killing and their effects.	all of these methods of killing result in long and painful deaths.	a bullet or bomb can result in a long and painful death, or a quick death, or just short term injury.
Debate on Republican stance on abortion.	on a similar note, republicans would also like to take away the ability to have safe, clean abortions from my friends who are ciswomen.	this was discussed in another thread, but conservative people see abortion as the murder of an innocent life.
Snoop Dogg criticizing a young rapper's skills.	now snoop is one of the few active og, why the fuck is he gonna go diss a young rapper ?	they would not play the victim on social media.
Concerns about excessive sugary drink consumption in food establishments.	every restaurant, corner store, bar, cafe, hotel etc seems to have  making a profit  as their secondary aim.	soft drinks are almost purely profit generators; a  small  drink that costs $ to buy only costs about $ from the fountain.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	it is reasonable to have laws against thievery.
Wealth and opportunities in relation to work and socialism.	an able bodied person who works is going to have more wealth and likely lead a better life than an able bodied person who does not.	like socialism, this sounds great in theory.
Self-defense tactics and ethics.	if you do not want a vicious beating do not go around attacking people unjustly.	for example, if they say they are done they could just be lying, which is probable since they have already shown they lack ethics by attacking someone unjustly that is a pretty costly gambit, by playing possum, your assailant puts him in the worst possible position tactically.
Argument against reincarnation.	in broad terms, what is the most logical argument against the idea of reincarnation that you have heard or can come up with yourself ?	our beliefs are real and true to us ! and humans do all manner of things to safeguard their identity.
Misuse of sarcasm as a response to criticism.	i realize that the  so edgy  response if often made half jokingly, which is completely fine.	it does not make much sense to view such a dismissal as an admission that the criticism is valid.
Comparison between fistbump and handshake.	a fistbump establishes a sense of camaraderie and kinship in just a second, whereas a handshake can take several seconds to complete, at a greater personal investment to both parties.	for me a fistbump is a physical shorthand for  i acknowledge/departure your arrival and i am glad to see you.
Internet pricing and usage.	if i do not use the internet that often, why should i pay more ?	the only resource that you are hogging is the bandwith, and you are already paying proportionally for that.
Homosexuality as a choice.	i think that participating in homosexual acts is definitely a choice.	participating in any action is a choice.
Severity of punishment for unintentional wrongdoings.	If a person does something wrong unintentionally, he should not be punished very severely	oops he did not mean it, so you forgive him again with only a fine as punishment.
Selling products using personal songs and art.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	sometimes they are a mix of personal expression and desire to make a hit song to sell records.
Contradiction in treatment of mutants in Marvel Universe.	at the moment, there is a weird contradiction where mutants are supposed to be  hated and feared  by everyone, but there are tons of other superheroes who seem exactly like mutants spider man, for example who do not ever worry about stuff like that.	civil war was a huge crossover involving mutants and others and people addressing mutantphobia and how it relates to feelings about superheros in general.
Scientific theories and laws.	scientific theories could be tweaked, and interpreted differently, which would not make you wrong, but does make your perception of the theory called into question.	by publishing a scientific discovery, you are giving inventors the information to create inventions.
Separation of Church and State's Impact on Global Dominance.	to us, an abandonment/separation of church and state was the first major move that allowed the west to begin its period of global dominance.	the rise of the west started in nd half of the th century.
Useless college majors.	you will constantly receive disdain from the people around you for doing a purportedly  useless  major.	that is not a good trait to have or showcase.
Advantages of using a trailer for moving.	if you actually want to move a lot of stuff a trailer is a lot more practical.	again, it may also be about a lot of small loads, and not just constant huge ones.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	if you are a cashier your manager does not give you a high five for every transaction, but if you give a $ back instead of a $ they are going to be mad.
Debate on the Feasibility of Socialism in Europe.	i am not trying to say socialism ca not work.	they shared a currency but did not have control over the monetary policies of its members i do not think it is accurate to make this an ideological dichotomy between socialism and capitalism when there are many other factors at play.
Voting and Political Thinking	i want to vote for someone who i would actually want to hold that office.	something i have not seen brought up, but is always my go to argument for conversations like these: an all or nothing approach, like the one you describe, is not the right way to think about politics, and it is exactly the same kind of thinking you probably do not like about politicians.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	my teachers had always started units or courses with homework or work booklets that did not count for much less than  of grade per assignment and gradually became more weighted as you learned.
Galileo's scientific contributions and societal limitations.	what if galileo had only studied what was politically correct ?	there is no evidence for them, so scientists do not waste their time.
Psychiatric diagnosis and lack of understanding of biology.	the time and effort the psychiatric institution has put in the diagnosis is less than the time and effort i myself put in as far as i can tell.	for every patient who correctly self diagnoses and is able to engage in a productive dialogue with the doctor, there are probably  who have no clue and argue with the doctor based on of denial or superstition or pseudo scientific misinformation.
Job stability for police officers.	the proposed state of affairs will diminish job stability for police officers.	as a tax payer, i have no problem with this.
Amorality of Company Actions.	any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	the point is that this self interest is universal.
Debate on Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	first, how on earth is it impossible for gay people to reproduce ? are gay sperm and eggs defective ? they are less inclined to have sex with members of the opposite sex, but they are still very much  capable  of reproduction.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	we would just be inventing new reasons to have it.
Disgust sensitivity and violence.	i think liberals feel more disgust over violence and blood for example.	you see a man with his intestines exposed after an accident.
Visual appeal of text posts on Reddit.	a text post, on the other hand, just looks like reddit.	neither incognito nor clearing history protect you from network proxies.
Distracted driving and communication barriers.	not being able to call for help if their car breaks down.	the  ding  that normal people hear is not at all informative.
Police brutality and technology's impact on awareness.	almost daily we hear of police shooting and killing unarmed and unthreatening citizens along with animals.	but is it going up ? is it actually going down ? do you have any facts and figures to support this ? if you read nothing but negativity you will assume that nothing positive happens.
Rights and External Authority.	i am not interested in a utilitarian argument for or against government and society.	it seems to me that one must take either of the following positions;   rights are granted from an external authority: god given, or  natural  rights.
Income inequality and poverty alleviation.	if there are adequate systems for poor people to escape poverty such as education then there is nothing wrong with a broad income spectrum.	as most universities give huge financial aid scholarships, poor kids who are able study hard and succeed in school have amazing opportunities in tertiary education.
The impact of creating separate museums on American unity.	creating a separate museum just intensifies feelings of separateness.	you worry that separating out the history of black americans into its own museum promotes the idea that an integrated and non divisive history of the us cannot be told.
The dangers of indoor smoking.	once dissipated, the concentration of toxins is negligible.	the reason we do not allow smoking in doors where people work is that the smoke accumulates to dangerous levels and every breath they breathe for eight hours a day is full of cancer causing free radicals.
Misalignment of school and financial years with calendar years.	school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years.	why have the   school year when one could make the entire year line up with the calendar ? as others have pointed out, fiscal years can begin throughout the year, even if the main one is start in april and january.
Gun Training and Safety.	training should focus on both the legal framework regarding gun usage and proper shooting technique and gun maintenance.	legal information, shooting technique improvements, and gun maintenance are not going to stop people from committing suicide.
Casualties in the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict.	by simply looking at the numbers of casualties on both sides, the casualties on the side of the palistinians massively outnumber the ones on the isrealian side.	do you believe all of those are genocides ? if so then i ca not change your view, you just have a different definition of the term than most people do in my experience.
Driving at Slow Speeds	driving at such slow speeds is impractical.	if everyone drove at the speed limit there would not be a problem.
Personal growth and sexual experiences.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	what is so different from the wardroom and trp ? yes a fraternity may not be explicitly about helping you get laid, but the social interactions and support structure built around it makes it a hell of a lot easier.
Importance of challenging students and the benefits of diversity.	secondly, there is danger in leaving any students unchallenged.	would it be better to have a majority population of smart people, or some geniuses surrounded by dimwits ? or maybe sports works better as an analogy: we pick teams of ; you pick the first  rounds then i pick  rounds then you get what is left over.
Wearing watches vs using smartphones for time telling.	most people already have switched from wearing watches to using their smartphones for time telling.	if something is  better,  it would benefit society if everyone adopted it.
The role of the government in business and society.	society needs rich people to look up to.	if it is in it is situation through luck then i am ambivalent.
The quality of comics.	the comic is comedy or sentimental value is also objectively low.	rarely is a strip something that elicits even a smile, let alone some sort of profound emotion.
Corporate Responsibility and Accountability.	because of the nature of corporations, there can be situations where the corporation caused injury or death to a person yet no one person actually made a decision that knowingly caused it.	why do we need to abstract the guilt to the level of a corporation ? legally, can we still prosecute the people who are ostensibly responsible for the injury ? i do not see why we could not.
Criticism of "The Mismeasure of Man" Conclusion	also, before anyone suggests it, i have indeed read  the mismeasure of man.	it is not the science that is not sound, it is the conclusion that is not.
Debate on animals' desire for life.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	it may be that most of the animals we are harvesting for meat do, in fact, have limbic systems, but why should  that  be more than instinct if the struggle to survive is not ? again, personally, i do not think animals are that dissimilar from us in terms of being able to want to live or want not to suffer, but i think you have got an inconsistency there.
Grading in Maths and Science	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	i would go further and argue that the absence of grades would remove tangible goals for the students, which could lower motivation.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	do you think the governing bodies that make the rules of engagement want civilians to end up dead ? they sure as hell do not.
Challenges in discussing social justice and oppression.	why ca not we have a deeper discussion in society about issues of social justice that does not always end in a competition of whose more oppressed by the mythical white male oppressor rapists.	you may not be oppressed for your sexual orientation, race, or gender, but you certainly can be oppressed based on able bodiedness, weight, and height.
Perception of Reality and Universality of Sweetness	that is to say that nobody is brain is selected for directly perceiving reality.	the fact that we have only evolved to perceive  some  elements rather than  all elements  does not falsify or invalidate the truth of the  some elements.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	but right now we are talking about those that do, or we are talking about a person who was assaulted.
The effects of parenthood on brain chemistry and success.	when you become a parent, your brain chemistry changes and you biochemically become a completely different person.	some of the most powerful or famous people out there are parents.
Democratic control in workplace and accountability of leaders.	rather than having a boss in charge who dictates everything, the workers would exert democratic control over the direction of the company.	a business owner is not making decisions for anyone other than himself.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	there is no such right.
Clarifying the "not all men are like that" argument.	when someone says  not all men are like that , the correct response is to clarify, or admit to a factual error, and not to accuse the other side of  derailing , or  changing the subject .	oftentimes they mean to suggest something like i of the social group in question, the problematic individuals constitute such a small minority in the group that it is not helpful to make this about the social group in question; or ii given the amount of non problematic individuals in this social group, there are probably factors other than this social group that is causing the problem, and generalizing to this social group is probably not helpful.
Streaming quality and selection on various services.	the selection across pretty much all streaming services is crap.	with subscription services, you do not pay for your own media.
Link between slavery and blackface theatre.	a lot of people are butthurt about slavery, but slavery has no link to any of these traditions.	ultimately, the closest thing we see to blackface on a regular basis is when people use a mocking black accent to make fun of black people, like when they say  he din no nuffin  wrong !   on every single thread where a black person is accused of a crime.
The unrealistic idea of living the "good life".	the good life is that im going to do all these drugs, blow my money, travel, have sex, get to know as many people as possible and die when i die.	they kill themselves, they overdose, they get into horrible wrecks while driving under the influence and sometimes take other people with them.
The limitations of ethical consumerism.	in practice, ethical consumerism is used as an excuse to abolish democratically implemented regulations, leaving huge questions the environment, workers rights, and the like to the will of a system that inherently values profit over superficial  ethics .	i can tell that by the ever increasing  green  options in the market place.
The Emotional Connection of Video Games.	a game can make people cry or at least get emotional as the story progresses.	some games even do not have any written text and yet tells a very emotional story visuals are not necessary to have an emotional story not that books do not use them on occasion, see house of leaves , and audio cues are more often than not a crutch for bad writing.
Qualifications for Political Office	most of our presidents had never actually been a governor, many were senators, representatives, or even soldiers.	there are many ways to learn how to run a government without directly being the individual in charge.
Homosexuality as a choice.	i think that participating in homosexual acts is definitely a choice.	when exactly did you choose to be straight ? i am inferring from your comments that you are male, so when did you decided to perceive women as being sexually attractive ? why ca not you perceive men as being sexually attractive ? if it is because of how your brain is wired, then why could not the brains of gay people be wired differently ?.
Definition of terrorism.	but as the years go by the word is being more and more loosely defined.	so, if you are just insane and think it is fun to kill people, you are not a terrorist, just a murderer without a political agenda.
Conservative healthcare restrictions and preventable deaths.	conservatives wish to restrict my fellow americans  ability to access healthcare.	the other side to this is that public healthcare requires more tax.
Monogamy and Sexual Desires.	monogamy by definition restricts a person from fulfilling sexual desires outside their relationship.	everyone has sexual desires outside their partnership.
Politics and Governance.	in toronto last year, the mayor rob ford admitted to using crack cocaine while in office, spurring a backlash from the public.	when people called for his stepping down, bureaucratic laws and democratic arguments kept him in power, because  the law said it was not allowed.
Minimum wage and its impact on businesses.	furthermore, our businesses will be the most affected by the increase of the mw.	having to pay more for a worker for doing the same job from before is a terrible business move.
Protection against discrimination and constitutional rights.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	well of course an authoritarian would say that.
STI testing and Planned Parenthood's goals.	for society as a whole, people would be benefited by frequent and free sti tests.	lastly, stis can affect fetuses and pregnancies.
Political spectrum and movements.	a fascist with a libertarian, both are apparently right wing.	the religious right/moral majority is right wing because it was mostly a response to the left wing movements e.
Perception of gift value based on giver's income.	many people are wowed by the amounts of zeros present in the gift and forget that proportionately to the giver is income, the gift may have been piddling.	it is not your stuff.
Gifted Education in Societies with Intellectualism Promotion	societies that promote intellectualism ought to promote gifted programs.	its the ones that are not that need our resources so they can be more intellectuals.
Gender identity and biological sex.	basically, i think that our mind whilst in a biological body that is structured a certain way is not  amale  or  female  in itself.	if you are another gender, how can you possibly feel what it is like to be a gender that is not your own ? there is a difference between feeling what it is like to be one gender and your brain identifying itself with a gender that is not in kind with your physical sexual characteristics.
Controversy surrounding engineering PhDs designing lethal weapons.	engineering phds are shaping modern society and changing the world.	you are also designing daisy cutters and hollow point rounds intended to splinter upon impact causing the maximum amount of damage to the human body.
Quality of life versus quantity of life.	but i would personally choose a happier, shorter life over a less happy, longer life.	how is that happiness ? one of the greatest blessing of modern live is not having to bury your children another factor that you are overlooking: endemic warfare.
Property rights and regulation.	also, who could forget the absolute travesty that was blackwater ?	it is not deregulation, its corruption.
Storage of Information by Search Engines	thirdly, all information no matter how irrelevant or relevant should be stored by search engines.	you ca not give consent to something by checking a box in on a random page on the internet.
Stress and fear of failure in academics.	the thought of a bad grade on homework which should be helping us learn is just stress that we might fail and be punished for life because of it.	i will look past the fact that math and science teachers often give you credit for your work.
The importance of emotional connection in sexual relationships.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	sex is a very powerful driving force, for many people.
Gender roles and feminism in homemaking and nurturing.	i feel we have lost some important values of homemaking and nurturing.	that is not feminism is fault; it is the patriarchal society is fault.
Criticism of Private Prison System and Property Rights Enforcement.	do not even get me started on the private prison system in the us.	also this is technically a form of privatization.
Escalator etiquette.	my point is that on escalators, polite and considerate people stand on the standing side and pass on the passing side.	rude and inconsiderate people stand on the passing side, blocking everyone who wants to pass.
Distrust in politicians and the desire for honesty in voting.	i only want to vote for someone who i could reasonably expect to be honest and trustworthy.	sorry bud, but unless you get on the campaign trail personally, you will  never  have a candidate who will carry out your policy desires  on every issue.
The concept of amorality in society.	i think that what we call  amoral  is a huge misnomer;  amoral  is just a social contract we agree upon for the sake of ourselves and our society, rather than intrinsic right and wrong.	that is called moral relativism; and you just defined morals: a bunch of things we say are okay and not okay based on the benefits to society.
Government's role in finances of cohabiting couples.	i have no problem publicly committing my love to the woman i want to spend my life with, but will not go along with the government dictating how we handle our finances.	it is rationalized due to shared assets.
Criticism of computer-edited music genres.	also, the computer fixed vocals and edited instruments just does not make these people any more like able.	but i can at least convince you to appreciate it and stop perpetuating untrue stereotypes.
Sexual orientation and dating preferences.	if you happen to go more for women than men, that would still render you bi.	there is a substantial practical difference between  bi but almost always dates men  and  bi but almost always dates women.
Misuse of the term "terrorist" and its consequences.	terrorist implies a simple good vs evil narrative which never applies in the real world.	by making a hard and fast  rule  you do yourself a disservice.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	at that point, they are just an employee, not a life partner, so why did you bother getting married in the first place ?.
Body positivity and self-improvement for women.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	there are many curvy women and they are also real women and they are beautiful.
Budget allocation for NASA and social benefits.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	we need sexy and showy space projects to get kids to care about science and education again.
Plurals and language rules.	second, a lot of those words do not actually end in   i  in their original languages.	as addressed previously, it is not  breaking a rule , they are simply less common types of words.
Asian fetishization in pornography.	the thing i am talking about is mostly sexual/regarding sexual attraction.	now you are rather dishonestly trying to segue one argument into another.
Distrust in politicians and the desire for honesty in voting.	i only want to vote for someone who i could reasonably expect to be honest and trustworthy.	i have never met a person who claimed they voted for rd party that also voted in a primary elections or made any effort to build up a local rd party coalition before wasting it on a national rd party.
Sexual promiscuity and its association with love.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	i have also heard that mardi gras is pretty much a gay pride parade although i ca not know for sure, not being american.
The ethics of financial control in abusive relationships.	as long as an allowance, or a budgeted income, or financial control is not a tool being used to facilitate physical, emotional, or sexual abuse, then i do not believe those behaviors in and of themselves constitute abuse.	you are not making a fully educated and independent decision.
Police control and traffic safety.	if you put a police control outside a club to stop every car, you are checking everyone equally.	is the goal to increase traffic safety, or increase revenue ? if there is a traffic hazard due to speeding, then by all means put more police out there.
Police control and traffic safety.	if you put a police control outside a club to stop every car, you are checking everyone equally.	hidden cameras and radars do not stop people from speeding, and just extract money from them after the fact.
Non-monetary ways of providing for others.	please, give me an example of something that provides for others which does not run on money.	if they were greedy they would stay home and specialize in plastic surgery and make lots more money.
Grading in Maths and Science	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	in the real world, your work is defined by the final product and not the steps in between.
The Effects of Video Games and Dangerous Sports on People	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	or they attract people who were already socially isolated and insulated, or you are otherwise falling prey to confirmation bias.
Perception of police by law-abiding citizens.	for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	those videos are not as prevalent as videos of police being abusive because cops are abusive a lot more than they rescue children or help the poor.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	the fact that the tv specials were also very popular and contributed a lot to pop culture does not diminish the impact that the comic strip had.
Limitations of animal and human decision-making abilities.	i do not see any place for the idea that any animal, including humans, is truly capable of making choices.	what does it mean to  make choices  anyway ? you seem to be presupposing that the only meaningful way to make choices involves some kind of dualist separation of the mind.
Disproving Claims of Nonexistent Creatures.	similarly, if a scientist were to claim that unicorns exist and provided no evidence, the claim would be disregarded.	why should we not apply to same standards to the existence of god ? except there was a time when unicorns were believed to actually exist.
The difficulty of impressing audiences in entertainment industry.	we can no longer shock, horrify, scare, or blow the minds off of audiences any more.	it was a breakthrough in music.
Starting something based on calendar system vs. seasons.	there is no rhyme or reason to wait until the arbitrary beginning of a calendar system to start something.	or the farmer who plants and harvests crops on a yearly basis.
Comparison of Racism and Heightism	racism and height ism are both a form of sociopathy, because instead of people, you just see cartoon cutouts based on your prejudices, and that allows you to be horrible to them.	taking that into account, one can understand why racism is now less socially acceptable.
Comparison of ethnic and religious violence in Europe and the rest of the world.	in fact, that is why i think most examples of ethnic and religious violence outside of europe did not really happen until europeans started meddling in foreign affairs.	i wonder what would happen to a european who went to iran and started expressing his views.
Kant's universal law formulation and consequentialism.	an appraisal of whether something ought to be a universal law seems to be consequentialist to me.	thinking about whether or not people in the future should or should not follow a particular maxim does not quite fit that bill.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	the flip side of the idea is the treasure the good person  is  and how we might let slip precious moments if we are preoccupied with losing that person.
Arguments for applying gay marriage to other practices.	i think the arguments that are used to support gay marriage can be directly applied to the other two practices mentioned.	a parent or other close family member has too much influence over a developing mind to allow this type of marriage.
Accuracy of Mundane News Stories.	but these stories take up an inappropriate amount of space in the public impression of the media, and are hugely outnumbered by the mundane stories the press gets more or less right.	what is even more problematic is that when papers publish press releases verbatim, they are publishing more accurate information than when they do their own reporting.
Motivation and Mental Health Challenges.	every day users are more likely on average to lose motivation and become content with short term stimulus compared to achieving long term goals.	she is in a healthy romantic relationship living in her own house and holding a steady job.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	so that gives us  years to play around with which is much longer than the  years until collapse that you suggest.
Grading based on handwriting in engineering.	a core of engineering is about communicating.	do you give marks because of beautiful handwriting ? should not it work both ways ? how can you grade something so subjective ? are you willing to justify to every student and every mark you deduct ? i would definitely fight that one.
Debate on adopting a new calendar.	The world should adopt a new calendar because the old calendar is not scientific	why ? are these few things you listed really worth the humongous change ? and are those things actual problems if we are all used to it ?.
Frequency of Moving Heavy Objects.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	your stuff does not get rained on or blown away and you can stock things vertically.
Benefits of Exercise	the positive physiological and psychological effects of exercise on the human body are well established.	that can be said of almost anything.
Advantages of Welfare Reform.	there is also the huge benefit of less resentment of those on welfare.	$ goes to food, $ goes to booze.
Soldiers opposing fascism in a different time.	the soldiers who gave their lives in that conflict can legitimately be seen as laying their lives down to oppose fascism and protect some basic institutions of human freedom.	judging their actions with modern values in mind is, i believe, a mistake.
Limitations of investing time in social and technological movements.	so, in choosing between investing one is time in creating a potentially revolutionary social and technological movement vs.	earning several millions of dollars which will take  years could happen is not the same as will happen.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	part of me wants to say  it can be done  but honestly, i do not really think it can on the very definition.
The creation of music by talented individuals.	anyone with even a modicum of talent on guitar or drums can play green day songs.	but none of those people created that music.
The quality of comics.	the comic is comedy or sentimental value is also objectively low.	instead we read to see beloved characters acting out some one note plot over four frames.
Living conditions in Africa.	africa was, and still is, a pretty awful place to live in.	there were advanced societies, centralized governments, educational systems, judicial systems.
Possessiveness in relationships.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	you sound like a nice a person, so keep being that.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	it is not her responsibility to act in a way that makes mindless zombies behave, because we do not believe people are mindless zombies.
Misalignment of School and Financial Years with Calendar Years.	school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years.	why have the   school year when one could make the entire year line up with the calendar ? and so you would change  the calendar  ? not, say, the timetable for the school year ? school years are only weird like that in some places.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	any period of time you consider is as meaningful as one yoctosecond    when there is an eternity.
Blackface and Offense in Modern Times	being offended by someone who had painted is face black is dumb as the original issues with are not relevant nowadays.	like in the netherlands, japan, switzerland where painting the face black is still done.
Skipping work on your birthday	not a manner of taking advantage of using your birthday to escape responsibility.	you taking  your  birthday off on that exact day may not be important to you.
Concerns about social division with BYOD in schools.	my biggest concern with byod in schools is increased social division.	finding a specific app on your phone/tablet.
Eating meat and ethical considerations.	you may as well either go back to eating meat, or go all the way and become vegan.	that is a pretty personal thing.
Advantages of using vans for moving compared to pickup trucks.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	second, many people have a bed cover on their pickup, so that anything in the bed is kept out of the rain and wind.
Helmet use for cyclists compared to aviation requirements.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	if seatbelts are required, so should helmets.
Misconceptions about Bitcoin's use in drug trafficking.	one of the biggest users of bitcoin was silk road, the drug trafficking organization in the us.	economic sanctions against iran, libya, sudan, burma and cuba, according to a criminal information filed in the case  so why do people say that bitcoin is used for the drug trade ? quite simply, it makes great headlines during slow news days.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	well, this is what swat is for and they are usually very effective.
Inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar and alternative options.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	if we were to make a calendar from scratch, is there any reason to have irregular months rather than regular ones ? any alternative calendar will have similar inconsistencies, with the exception of our february, which is unnecessarily weird.
"Technology's Impact on Job Availability"	the more technology we create the less we are going to need people to do certain jobs.	outsourcing simply changes the local skills that are in demand shifts them up , outsourcing creates upwards pressure on both skills and wages.
Police protection gear	police can wear teflon vests and other armor to protect themselves.	i do not wish to offend, but this is an opinion born from ignorance.
Efficiency of government vs private sector and privatization.	there is not a single example of a government organization working with greater efficiency than a corporate or private sector competitor.	in fact, we should judge the sector as a whole: if a commercial enterprise fails, then another one fails, and finally the third one finds a viable business method to perform a service, then we think it is the normal working of the market.
Moving large objects or heavy lifting.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	they are normal cars, as far as i am concerned.
Death penalty and justice system.	i do not believe law abiding citizens should die so a convicted offender can prolong his or her life.	additionally, the vast majority of convicts are only in jail for a few years.
Misunderstanding of Peer Review	because of this, we waste millions chasing after results a simple bit of peer review could have definitively ruled out for a fraction of the cost.	that is not what peer review means.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	with respect to ipads, the logical extension of the  creativity drives development  argument results in a claim  pumping out shitloads of ipads will boost the economy.
Superficiality in Dating and Social Settings	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	deciding if someone is compatible with you on an emotional/relationship level can take years.
Distracted driving and car safety warnings.	not being able to hear warnings their car is giving them.	we should just outlaw taking your hands off the wheel.
Existence of life on other planets.	also the planets do not have any evidence of life except for mars having signs of water.	we know there is life in space.
The limitations of God's abilities and the perspective of organisms.	god is supposedly all knowing, all present, and all powerful yet there are no organisms on earth that display physiological capacities to do the things that god can do.	hell,  years ago we would of said something like a black hole was impossible.
Police brutality and lynching.	the purpose of lynching is to terrorize a minority community.	in order to subjugate a people you have to keep them afraid that the slightest offense will result in extreme punishment.
Racism and Reclaiming the Word "Nigger"	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	they were treated horribly.
Existence of life on other planets.	also the planets do not have any evidence of life except for mars having signs of water.	why would you assume that ? i admitted i do not know enough about other galaxies to deny or defend their existence.
Grading methods in classes.	the grading is qualitative, rather than quantitative.	i was really good at math in high school.
Beauty standards and body image.	is real beauty not being thin, even though you may happen to have a high metabolism or eat healthy foods ?	how can you know thin eat healthy foods and not think must eat unhealthy ? some models stay super thin by lots of caffeine and grossly under eating.
Value of critical thinking and philosophy in society.	over the course of time, a society that values critical thinking and philosophical thought as much as quantitative and linear thought would be a society that would evolve quicker and more efficiently with considerably less conflict and arbitrary systems of control.	critical thinking is what should be taught, not politically bias rhetoric.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if i were to drive at the speed limit, i would be a road hazard.	if you raised the limit, people will speed and therefore those who are going slower than traffic will cause accidents.
Commercialization of music and its impact on authenticity.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	if selling out is making money off of something not directly music related album sales, concerts, and t shirts , then there is also no way to change your view.
Doubt about human and animal evolution based on biblical beliefs.	i do not believe; however, that humans are direct descendents of any species, and i do not believe that birds and dogs for example had any common ancestor.	additionally, i feel that there is no evidence for the possibility of spontaneous generation, which i feel would be necessary for the first life form, from which everything else is descended.
Animal farming and its impact beyond human consumption.	if you decide to not eat animals so that hopefully less farm animals are subject to such horrible conditions, you are ignoring the bigger picture.	to provide my dog with proper nutrition from plants would be incredibly expensive.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	many people i work with today consider themselves  gamers  on some level, many are married.
The ethics of suicide and society's role in prevention.	my view is that suicide is your last right which cannot be taken away without complete captivity and dehumanizing restraints.	it is a mental disease.
Economy and ongoing wars.	the economy has rebounded from a catastrophic recession with the djia and nasdaq reaching all time highs.	joblessness remains high.
Defining the American Dream.	that is not what america is about.	who are you to define what america is about ? most families come to the united states and work backbreaking jobs exactly so that their children can grow up in less of a state of hardship than they did.
Abortion and Fetal Personhood.	the crux of the argument is whether the fetus is a person.	many pro choice supporters believe that even if the fetus is a person, it does not have a right to force another person to use her body to carry and sustain it against her will.
The effects of parenthood on brain chemistry and success.	when you become a parent, your brain chemistry changes and you biochemically become a completely different person.	we do it because it needs to be done.
Items in Competitive Gaming	even if there is a random aspect to the game. so what?	mario kart has no competitive scene.why? because it is casual all you need is the blue turtle or the rocket and you win, even if you suck at it.the main thing that separates competitive from normal or pubs is the fact they make make the game more balanced and develop a meta.
STI testing and Planned Parenthood's goals.	for society as a whole, people would be benefited by frequent and free sti tests.	if you  really  want a test, they are not that expensive.
Anonymous online behavior and its consequences.	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	and all the vile hate filled assholes who harass anonymous users anonymously would now harass known users.
Inconsistency with Student Devices and When They're Needed	secondly, lack of consistency with students  devices would cause confusion.	two things that all technology for the past few years are capable of.
Criticism of the Last Republican President's War Actions.	the last republican president started two wars that killed thousands of americans and hundreds of thousands of foreigners.	yes, bush is at fault for a lot so is obama.
Islamophobia and Racism Debate.	however, sociologists consider islamophobia to be a type of racism, despite islam not being a race.	they may look different, but that is irrelevant for almost everything.
Death and its implications.	in short, choosing death means choosing the easy way out.	choosing to die is never easy.
White Privilege and Racism	statements like  white people ca not experience racism  are obviously bunk; tell that to the polish guy who got glassed and facially disfigured by a drunk woman in my town on the basis of his identity.	the idea of  whiteness  has changed to include groups like the irish and eastern europeans, when previously it did not.
Freedom of speech and regulations.	i should be able to say what i want.	to the extent that information can actually become damaging, we do have regulations on speech e.
The ethics of suicide and society's role in prevention.	my view is that suicide is your last right which cannot be taken away without complete captivity and dehumanizing restraints.	many people who have been suicidal at one point or the other in their lives describe being eventually extremely grateful that they never managed to pull it off  because the affliction eventually leaves them.
Comparison between vans and pickup trucks for moving.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	not many vans are suitable for driving on rough terrain, pulling large loads, and so on.
Disadvantages of Reading and Editing on Electronic Devices.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	i just ca not use the onscreen keyboard, and  laptop  style keyboards are not much better.
Limitations of a all-powerful being with different laws of physics.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	same is true for all knowing.
Personal growth and sexual experiences.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	but i could told you that, any of your fellow soldiers could have told you that.
Exploitation of Potential Outside Public Education System.	so, a society has more to gain by exploiting their potential than that of the average student.	that should be done outside the public education system because we, as a society, do not directly gain anything for more a   students.
The effectiveness of self-preservation in conflicts.	i think that self preservation of one is life will trump all of these reasons.	if you are extremely angry at jesse because he slept with your girlfriend, you might punch jesse.
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	so really, is someone wearing less revealing clothing to blame for being raped ?.
Definition of Universal Rights.	to clarify, i am defining a  right  as a guarantee of access to a commodity or state of being, without necessarily referring to a legal structure.	if we are still discussing moral rights or natural rights, then all we can say about the failure to protect those rights is that they have not been protected.
Argument for Polygamy	polygamy: i am honestly not wholly sure what the argument against polygamy is, besides something about complications in the way tax systems are set up, which could be easily fixed i would imagine.	who is default power of attorney for healthcare ? can we avoid all estate taxes this way ? how should medicaid limits be changed ? does a landlord who rents to me have to allow in the whole county jail if i marry them ? does an employer have to provide my entire clan with health care if it provides health care to a single spouse ? etc.
Hero worship of police and their growing aggression.	however, for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	they were not heroes, they were just people that we have given  way  to much power to and not  nearly  enough accountability, probably in part due to that unwarranted hero worship.
Animal suffering and demand for meat.	given how economies work, demand for meat directly results in animal suffering.	it is not the fault of the over arching economic model that we do not see this.
Israel's stance on one vs. two state solution.	until israel endorses either a one state solution, or a two state solution, the israel government is, at best, disingenuous.	fatah, and hamas have yet to agree to terms.
Pharmacies and Vaccinations.	the shot is a big way for the pharmacies to make their money from a virus that is not even relevant.	around .
Categorization of beliefs and behavior.	however, by my understand of the definitions, a person must fall into one of the two categories either in their professed beliefs or by their behavior.	but  i identify as agnostic because the gnostic question is more important to me than the theist question.
Evidence for an intelligent designer creating the universe.	bb says: at some moment, all matter in the universe was contained in one single point.	in fact, if something can just have always have existed without a beginning, why is it not possible that the universe did not always exist without a beginning ? since it is possible, why not save a logical step and just go with  the universe always existed  instead of  isomething which we have no evidence for always existed, and it was responsible for the creation of the universe  ? after all, what you are suggesting, even if we are just going with  something responsible for the creation of our universe  and not anything else has  zero  more explanatory power than just saying the universe always existed.
Censorship and Hate Speech.	speech that is hateful, bigoted, and just terrible should be made illegal.	that kind of censorship helps no one.
Disadvantages of mobile websites on budget smartphones.	there is not a single instance where a mobile website is preferable to a full site.	while you may have an iphone, and most of the ads you see are for buying the flagship android or apple product, there are plenty of cheaper smartphones with less memory and a lesser processor which may chug a little bit on these websites.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	here is where the issue comes in.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	 this issue of the meaning and purpose of existence is the topic of the philosophical school of existentialism.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	and why does that extra money have to come out of public schools and social benefits ? why could not we for example take money out of the military budget to increase funding for nasa ? of course not.
Restaurant reviews and grading process.	that opinion is informed by a single visit to a restaurant with little to no knowledge of how the restaurant works.	even a sample of one, is still a sample of one and says something about the restaurant.
Humanity's worthiness of a savior.	i do not think humanity really deserves a savior, especially at the cost of innocent life.	it took less than  years for humanity to revert to a savage tribal system.
Comparison of wind, solar, and nuclear power.	wind and solar power are great but nuclear power is more reliable and produces far more power.	actually nuclear power plants are not too reliable.
Existence of beings comparable to gods in the universe.	isnt the obvious extrapolation that beings exist in the universe which are comparable to gods or higher powers ?	humans cannot become gods, at least in this type of existence.
Inherent cognitive biases and misinterpretation of data.	i cannot be sure that i am not inherently designed in a way that forces me to believe falsehoods and misinterpret experiential data.	this external reality could be a simulation if you follow that school of thought, but that is fine since it is still the world you are living in.
Criticism of Obama's handling of racial tensions.	i think people are very quick to judge someone is actions, obama is recent criticisms along with the martin, brown, and garner, as specific intentions of race baiting.	this is what community organizers do.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	you can not have the impossible but you can make sure that what you had is enough.
Referendum and Voting Rights for UK Residents and EU Citizens.	in my opinion, the referendum should be decided by all uk residents that is, eu citizens living in england, wales, scotland, and northern ireland.	preventing that defeats the purpose of a referendum.
Advantages of using a trailer for moving.	if you actually want to move a lot of stuff a trailer is a lot more practical.	i have also seen plenty of trucks pulling trailers as trucks tend to have much better pull than a car or van.
Poor quality of debate among friends can harm relationships.	the quality of the debate you have with your friends at a dinner table is likely to be much, much poorer than a debate by experts.	i have had a number of discussions and debates with friends and family alike.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	if you are not capable of handling a heavy workload, do not take a heavy workload.
Canceled plans and disappointment in friend's priorities.	well we made plans to hang out one night and she flaked on me.	maybe she just wanted to have sex with someone experienced ? as soon as she found a  better option  she just left me in the dust and never showed any regret for ditching me.
Hitler's Ideology and WWII.	then, you get the biggest socialist in us history into power and he kicks off wwii from the us is perspective.	in fact that is far right wing.
Quality of displayed food.	the food shown, looks to be healthy but of incredibly low quality.	and school cafeterias do not always agree with the experts on what is not healthy.
Role of government in a democracy.	no one should force choices for others.	rights are granted by a society is citizens to themselves and each other, as there is no higher authority than the society in which those rights are granted to decide objectively what those rights may be.
Exploitation of Potential Outside Public Education System.	so, a society has more to gain by exploiting their potential than that of the average student.	if they or their parents find that a priority, then they can  challenge  themselves outside of the public education system.
Suggestions for changing overtime rules in sports.	how about removing players from each side as more and more overtime is played or allow more substitutes during ot ?	it is not an ideal situation but forcing players to possibly play a whole second game remember many teams will play even more defensively as it goes on to prevent those bad rushes or more is less fair to the winner than penalties are to the loser.
The morality of sacrifice and human flaws.	the proported act of sacrifice is morally wrong   no sacrifice to a deity could be considered moral in any circumstance.	you did not support this view at all.
Scottish referendum and UK's lack of involvement.	the current referendum was approved by the scottish parliament.	they will now have a whole different citizenship, a different passport.
Debate on the importance of bodily autonomy.	and somehow  body autonomy  is some concept to be held high.  barf.	a forced surgery, or a kidney extraction, work the same way.
Window seat etiquette on airplanes.	but when i fly, i pay for a window seat, yet i am still expected to close the window for most of the time.	the window is a shared resource for the entire row.
The social effects of identifying as a gamer.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	i would say that you are wrong in this part.
Immortality and Reincarnation	c that we are closer to cracking the secret of immortality than i think.	i do not see the appeal in living as an old person for another   years.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	the absence of a demand would render the creativity irrelevant to development, in that it would not be commercially adopted.
Views on Joining the US Armed Forces During Iraq War	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	many people join specifically to get into these fields.
Funding public education and health care systems.	most of the resources obtained by the redirected inheritances could fund very strong public education and health care systems giving everyone a fair start in life.	many of the ultra rich people leave their money to charities.
Benefits of being overweight in social interactions.	i have found being overweight allows me to more quickly understand another person i am interacting with.	i would trade it instantly if that were possible.
Limitations of Society's Discoveries and Importance of Evidence-Based Claims.	and so as a society, we are restricting our discoveries and inventions to the small areas of science and technology that we know about so far, that we think are credible and worthwhile.	instead, we should focus on things we believe are not credible or worthwhile ? what exactly are you proposing ? it commonly means something that does not follow natural laws.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	is very hard and expensive to break into a market that is been effectively a monopoly for so long.
Foreign policy and government services in the US.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	for every shit hole we waste our time with in shit stani stan, we spend countless more humanitarian aid to other equally shitty countries who are extremely grateful.
Parity in American sports leagues.	true parity, if achieved, would mean that every team is a middle of the pack team.	the seattle seahawks were a great, dominant team.
Comparison of gymnastics and rock climbing.	yet gymnastics asks one to maneuver their bodies into shapes that the human figure is not meant to form.	the same goes for vault, bars and beam.
Racism and Cultural Appropriation.	c more and more people are acting blacker.	putting on a blacker accent ? that whole quote was just one massive generalisation and quite racist.
The role of sociopaths in society and leadership.	in order to minimize people is personal moral codes getting in the way of a powerful, efficient society, sociopaths and other people with little to no morals should be encourages to attain positions of power.	this in general is something sociopaths tend to be extremely bad at doing, and lacking foresight is not a trait you want in any national leader.
Polyamory and societal norms surrounding love.	love is not something you can throw around nilly willy.	i know i am breaking a rule here, but nothing will change your mind, even if i give countless examples of functional, long lasting, loving relationships.
Voting and Political Thinking	i want to vote for someone who i would actually want to hold that office.	so that is how you should think about your vote.
Handling emotional outbursts during a discussion.	the minute someone starts stomping their feet, uncontrollably swearing, crying, running away, or whatever no matter who is right and who is wrong the other is expected to drop their claim.	honestly i think you thinking crying is for children only and not okay in adults is what is not okay.
Differences in coping mechanisms in a relationship.	for example, say i am in a relationship and i value alone time when i get stressed.	it is a level of abstraction higher than you are thinking.
Concerns about social division with BYOD in schools.	my biggest concern with byod in schools is increased social division.	i disagree for simply this reason: many of the current technological devices have the same features.
Shifts in American social attitudes over the past century.	we are seeing more and more people getting offended in our crusade for social justice.	the social justice conflicts i believe you are referring to are just the members of both sides getting at each others throats again; but over the broad course of history, we have moved away from violent and destructive opposition to intellectual dissent.
The meaning and implications of NSFW.	if we go back to the actual meaning of nsfw not safe for work , the idea is clearly that you do not want something on your screen that someone at work could oversee.	that is nsfw.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	not all weddings are about the woman.
Online bullying and negativity towards celebrities.	tldr: people should not shit on other people for no reason; even if the person you are shitting on is undeserving of fame, does not have talent, or whatever, there is still not a good reason to shit on someone.	he should release a beef song.
Degradation of language skills.	anymore, you do not have to even spell words right.	it is shorthand for the modern world, and it only makes communication easier.
Self-defense and the right to be secure in person.	if you do not want a vicious beating do not go around attacking people unjustly.	self defense does not equal revenge.
Internet pricing and usage.	if i do not use the internet that often, why should i pay more ?	no, because the global internet infrastructure is increasingly taking this monthly fee system for granted.
Economic Benefits of Increasing Population.	explain to me why the average person benefits from an increasing population like many economists say ?	in economics, there is supply and demand.
Dangers of smoking marijuana.	not only that but studies have shown that marijuana is just as likely, if not more likely to cause cancer then smoking cigarettes is.	ibuprofen will deteriorate my stomach lining gradually when i take it.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	internet is not a free market.
The limitations of God's abilities and the perspective of organisms.	god is supposedly all knowing, all present, and all powerful yet there are no organisms on earth that display physiological capacities to do the things that god can do.	say a fish does not know humans exist.
Religion and its impact on society.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	finally, there are the ideas of education, knowledge, and critical thinking.
Leadership and Sociopathy.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	they will drive talent from their immediate sphere, replacing it with yes men and people who lack the capacity to tell them they are about to fuck up.
Scotland's potential independence and its impact on the UK's military.	well, first of all, the uk, currently the fourth largest military power in the world and a country that has a permanent seat on the un security council would be decimated in its strength.	yes, the uk would still be able to control the monetary policy wrt the pound, but they ca not just order scots to stop trading pounds for goods and services anymore than the us can stop people from using us dollars in canada and mexico.
Gender equality and shared responsibility in society.	i just think that the system should be fair to both sexes.	provided neither feels the other has transgressed, no one.
Leadership and Sociopathy.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	more to the point, you do not need to be a sociopath, autistic, or malignarc to be ruthlessly effective.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	your only choice is to back out again at least a little bit and swing wider/re align your car.
The benefits of believing in a higher power.	if you believe in a higher power or god, you get rewarded if you are right.	based on your logic, if you get it right, you are safe, if you get it wrong you are screwed.
The chemical changes in the brain when becoming a parent.	when you become a parent, your brain chemistry changes and you biochemically become a completely different person.	sure, there are plenty of chemical responses when you have a kid, but not any more than when you ride a roller coaster or go on a first date.
Risks of saving nude photos on phone.	i do not see any sort of reward for saving nude photos on your phone.	so i have no reason to feel sorry for you.
White Privilege and Racism	statements like  white people ca not experience racism  are obviously bunk; tell that to the polish guy who got glassed and facially disfigured by a drunk woman in my town on the basis of his identity.	you may not be directly racist or sexist, but you benefit from racism and sexism.
Minimum wage and its impact on prices.	the problem is, you would still, as tax payers be subsidizing their expenses, but instead in the form of higher prices.	prices do not necessarily rise with minimum wage.
Homelessness and American Politics.	just like in the us, warmer places have more homelessness, colder places do not.	if you are rich or entrepreneurial, maybe america is more your thing.
Tattoos and Employment.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	rarely have i met someone who hides a tattoo or is shameful of one.
Evaluation of Economic Policies	his recovery act almost single handedly saved the economy from a depression saving main street, and completing the unpopular tarp bill saved wall street.	but obama being good by comparison does not make him objectively good.
Importance of lectures and exams in academic performance.	the recommended textbook should only used as a study aid, not as a replacement for lectures.	in their case homework is a waste time that could be used for other courses.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	congrats, you are now a terrorist.
Bicycle riders' rights to use roads.	i want to ride my bicycle here so i am entitled.	because they helped pay for the roads, so why would not they be entitled to use something their money paid for ? and how are they  entitled  when the by laws say thats where they should be ?.
Job search and academic transcripts.	then i will find a job and i will be happy to work as hard as i can given that i am being paid to do stuff, but until then, why bother ?	it is best to break the habit or laziness now.
Barriers to communication for the deaf community.	the use of a sign language is central to deaf cultural identity.	oralist approaches to educating deaf children thereby pose a threat to the continued existence of deaf culture.
Car Hacking	also, cars can be hacked just like iphones jailbreak and other electronic devices.	if you start mucking around with the software that runs the actual driving of the car, your car will just not be able to drive.
Religion as a Scapegoat for Logic and Knowledge.	people try to use their  religion  as a scapegoat for logic, reason, and the pursuit of knowledge; i. e.	some people worship gods.
***Possible topic: Reasons for an alien species to avoid making contact with humans.	but an alien species could collect an enormous amount of data from long distance visual observation and monitoring are telecommunication networks.	they arent going to be able to pull too much more than that from it.
Basic human needs and Maslow's hierarchy.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	that is why we have welfare, affirmative action, and other support programs: to encourage  fair  competition.
Argument against reincarnation.	in broad terms, what is the most logical argument against the idea of reincarnation that you have heard or can come up with yourself ?	this pattern matching power is an automatic brain function, and it is results are suggested to us from the subconscious.
The use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	to conclude, the word nigga has a lot of history behind it and it seems as if you do not know the history.
Disadvantages of Reading and Editing on Electronic Devices.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	that pretty much makes tablets unusable for me.
Blurring of sci-fi/fantasy events with alternative lifestyle events.	sci fi/fantasy events are no longer particularly visually different from alternative lifestyle events, despite theoretically having little to do with that.	anti harassment policies are trying to send that same message.
Living conditions in Africa.	africa was, and still is, a pretty awful place to live in.	it is quite interesting to speculate about.
Frequency of Moving Heavy Objects.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	depending on what we are doing , and another with enough passenger space for however many people we have.
Criticism of feminism's impact on women's wellbeing.	the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	first, you assume that feminism is primarily responsible for the changes in wellbeing of women over the past  years.
Choosing to Keep or Change Last Name After Marriage	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	independence.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	however on a social, emotional or mental front i think that you just lack the experience with gamers to understand that not all of them are social hermits.
Addiction and Responsibility.	addiction is a disease and a way to absolve people of responsibility for their actions.	no more than putting someone on a strict diet can cure diabetes.
Religion and its Impact on Progress and Values.	all over the world, religion is being used as an excuse to carry out evil acts.	what are st century values ? how is it stifling progress ? funny thing about evil acts, any excuse will do.
Capital punishment and use of the electric chair	some of these people who commit these crimes make me want to personally execute them.	this is not a good idea to give the state the power or responsibility of something indistinct or nebulous like ensuring a punishment is tortuous enough, or other silly things like humiliating people for punishment, etc.
Sexism in video games.	if its actually a problem i want to see the statiscs, the science, etc that allows me to concede that video games need to change.	there is lots of vocal criticism precisely because women want to play but feel driven away and disrespected.
Improving file organization and navigation on desktops.	far more useful, imho, would be something like a better implemented version of those osx springy things in the dock a popup always on top file browser window toggled on or off with a button in the dock/startbar/etc, defaulting to your documents folder.	you can get to the files associated with your desktop, but the actual  desktop ui  is loaded.
Inefficiency of Government Spending and Vouchers.	from the government is perspective, money is also being spent inefficiently.	the government  is saying  we trust you to make the right decisions with your money.
Batman's portrayal in Nolan's movie adaptation.	none of the characters are faithful adaptations, and in a movie featuring batman, i expected nolan to leave the character is personalities and motivations intact.	i do not think it makes sense to call it a  terrible adaptation  unless you think its also a  terrible film.
Definition of Universal Rights.	to clarify, i am defining a  right  as a guarantee of access to a commodity or state of being, without necessarily referring to a legal structure.	the previously mentioned philosopher primarily tried to ground these rights as being god given.
The value of atheism.	so what is the point of arguing and reading all these books about atheism ?	if you do not believe, you do not believe.
The Complexity of Racism.	racism stems from negative stereotypes that are trumped up and oppress a people in a certain group.	for those taking issue with the costumes, they are a further dillution of their culture at best, and disrespectful stereotypes at worst.
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	that still does not explain why abortion is wrong.
Banning hate speech subreddits on the internet.	i also believe that the admins should ban subreddits that are based on hate speech, such as /r/whiterights /r/greatapes.	that is how they should be ran.
Use of the N-word in Black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	the reason black people use it is a long story that goes back to slavery.
The negative effects of video games on social life.	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	single player video games are, as the name suggests, isolating when compared to sports.
Anime and its Historical Context.	i ca not stand most of the characters.	either the girls are girlish and adorable, or kick ass and masculine but whatever they are they are very cliche.
Criticism of Macroevolution.	my entire analysis of evolution has been based on the idea that macroevolution is false.	if you look honestly, you will find lots of stuff on wikipedia and google.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	its another to create it.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	with no ultimate universal ethical authority, i believe that a person is only obliged to do whatever pleases him/her not necessarily short tem .	now, you only have one option if you do not want to reject your theory: accept that i am right in thinking we should execute more criminals, thus showing that ethical egoism does not lead to more kindness and that we both right at the same time while arguing the exact opposite.
Homosexuality as a choice.	i think that participating in homosexual acts is definitely a choice.	even in societies where being gay is completely shunned, and even met with violence, you still find gay people.
Debate on the necessity of birth control.	for all non medical reasons, no one needs birth control.	i am not sure there are any non medical reasons to use birth control, are there ? you use it to prevent a medical condition you do not want to be affected by, just like any other medicine.
LGBTQ+ rights and Republican opposition.	the gop is base is why my queer friends and i ca not marry who we love in most states.	there is no way one group of policies could suffice for all of us.
Efficiency and Resource Usage Limitations.	in general we are becoming more efficient, and using less resources for the same tasks, as time progresses.	while this is true, there is a limit to everything.
Starting something based on calendar system vs. seasons.	there is no rhyme or reason to wait until the arbitrary beginning of a calendar system to start something.	the cyclical nature of our lives is not arbitrary, it is a deeply ingrained cultural artifact based on the seasons around the sun.
Gun control and government tyranny.	if there are either no guns or very limited types of guns in the us there can be no effective defense against a tyrannical government.	yet they are of no treat of going  tyrannical.
Efficiency and Resource Usage Limitations.	in general we are becoming more efficient, and using less resources for the same tasks, as time progresses.	you mention microchips getting smaller and smaller but there will come a day, as soon as   years from now, where this will no longer be the case.
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	even if a couple implicitly consents to pregnancy by having sex, restricting abortion is still a violation of the woman is bodily autonomy.
Link between slavery and blackface theatre.	a lot of people are butthurt about slavery, but slavery has no link to any of these traditions.	yeah, but slavery certainly does have a link to blackface theatre.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	these factors make it almost impossible for us to be caught unprepared a weaning of of dependent resources could take well over  years, and civilization would not collapse as people know what is occurring, and what is being done to eliminate need in accordance with economic principles.
Importance of taking a day off on birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	especially for wage slaves such as your employees.
Debate on the Importance of Educational vs Athletic Opportunities	there is nothing a priori that makes educational opportunity more important than athletic opportunity.	sports are fun things we do with pneumatic spheres.
Popularity of summer Olympic sports.	summer olympic sports are more popular in general.	if you want to argue that the summer events have more sports that have been around for thousands of years like track events , you also have to remember that there are a lot of events these days that are relatively new there as well as the winter sports volleyball, rhythmic gymnastics, badminton, etc.
Protection against discrimination and constitutional rights.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	it is hypocritical to deny a right because it requires government coercion, when all rights require government coercion to enforce.
The insignificance of one's actions over time.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	on the scale of millions of years.
Criticism of Medicalizing Opinions on Racism and Heightism	racism and height ism are both a form of sociopathy, because instead of people, you just see cartoon cutouts based on your prejudices, and that allows you to be horrible to them.	there is a long history of political dissent being quashed by writing off the opposition as lunatics, and all it amounts to is an elaborately phrased ad hominem attack.
Civilian casualties in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.	israel cannot justify the massive civilian death toll as countering the palestinian resistance is measures of last resort.	URL the consequences of it are things like depression, ptsd, miscarriages, lots of bad things.
Concerns about mixed-gender bathrooms.	there are already unisex and family bathrooms some places that are used with no complaint.	it would be very uncomfortable.
The decline of language expression in society.	people have no need to express themselves anymore.	it is shorthand for the modern world, and it only makes communication easier.
Intellectual Property Rights and Cultural Differences.	however, patents and copyright are not  property  in the sense that cars are.	you should really mention what country you hail from when making statements like this.
Improvement in quality of life, technology, and crime rate.	the quality of life is increasing, technology is improving, and crime is falling.	black males are more likely to be imprisoned than finish college or military duty.
Debate on the Benefits of Reading Books.	a typical argument would be how much more engaging a book is because you are using your imagination to form scenes and develop characters, but i think readers generally take that concept to a level that simply does not exist.	reading a book is much more relaxing than watching a movie and you can stop when you want.
Men's desire for sex and prostitution.	one reason i believe this, is that men patronize prostitutes in significant numbers and men are willing to trade things of real value like money in order to get sex.	i think they would like to enjoy sex as much as men do but they are ensnared by cultural / religious hangups.
Employer's right to terminate employees for undesirable behavior.	if an employer hires meth head, for instance, and he/she is exhibiting undesirable characteristics tardiness, stealing, etc.	it does if that was part of your contract with me.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	the wedding rings are to tell society both people are off the market.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	bean bags: limited range, not terribly accurate, can still cause a ton of potentially damage at close ranges.
Gymnastics requires mastery of precision and form.	though other sports include the use of precision and form as well, gymnastics requires one to master these skills.	if a gymnast is feeling off, it could cause us to be paralyzed.
Perception of Mutants in Spider-Man.	seem exactly like mutants spider man, for example who do not ever worry about stuff like that.	spider man in particular is hated and feared.
Basic human needs and Maslow's hierarchy.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	it states that every man is entitled to the  pursuit  of his happiness.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	pain is a physical and mental response to trauma although when you are feeling it pain takes on nuance.
Driving etiquette and rules in the US.	the burden should be on you to get around me since i am going at or above the speed limit.	yes, but there is also common courtesy if someone wants to go faster than you and you are in the left lane already.
Benefits of Strength Training in Fitness.	with a good dose of cardio and flexibility training.	sprinters do front squats and cleans; marathoners do accessory barbell work to retain lbm; basketball players do squats and cleans, football players do squats, cleans, deadlifts and bench press; gymnasts do a lot of accessory shoulder work; do you see a common theme here ? diet is literally one of the most important things concerning physical fitness, across all forms of exercise.
Malware and Free AV Software	i am starting to feel like the programs are becoming more and more malware like every day.	your point of view as stated is you think malware is just as bad as free av software.
Criticism of Miss America pageant.	but i do not understand why these pageants are accepted and even celebrated.	why is your personal distaste more powerful than that ? how is it different than football ? how those guys play the game is so superficial.
Musical Instruments and Techniques	singing is simply a muscular contraction, you train your vocal chords to output a certain pitch and timbre.	if writing lyrics is so easy then write some.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	lower wages were found in china and elsewhere, long ago.
Batman's refusal to kill villains and its consequences.	throughout the history of batman, the hero has refused to kill the villain and instead has him institutionalized or put in jail, from which the villain the joker, scarecrow, etc.	and through it all, he holds the utmost moral integrity.
Corporate liability for death and officer bans.	death: any and all officers active at the time of the incident are permanently banned from participating in that corporation.	your totalitarian view that it is okay to punish the innocent along with the guilty will have a much larger impact that what you are imagining.
Degradation of language skills.	anymore, you do not have to even spell words right.	language is not an art; it is a tool for organizing and communicating thoughts.
Purpose of movie trailers.	movie trailers have only one motive: sell tickets to the movie.	it is not wrong to  spoil  something for somebody for whom  spoilers  do not spoil the movie.
Believing in Love and Overcoming Heartbreak.	i believe we should all believe in love, and fight for it.	sometimes moving on, learning from your experience, figuring out what you are really looking for, becoming a better person, and  not  pursuing that past love.
Limitations of Short-term Charitable Solutions in Africa	many charities focus on providing short term solutions to african problems: eradicating disease, education to citizens on issues of sexuality, etc.	this textile manufacturing did little once the colonial government   anti competitive charters were forced out in the  is.
Demand and Job Creation.	however, demand is a blunt want, not a constructive force.	if a company ignores demand, or deliberately rebuffs it, another business will swoop in to take advantage of it often, one formed solely to take advantage of the opportunity.
Comparison of different academic subjects in the UK.	in the uk those who take media are often said to be doing a  soft  subject.	just from the links you submitted it appears that the subjects are very different.
Religion's role in governing and the "dark ages".	therefore, the muslim world will never see the abandonment of religion in everyday governing life as a useful long term solution.	times before that, marked by christian kingdoms and the catholic church is heavy influence are commonly referred to as  the dark ages.
Impact of Global Recession on Europe	but the recession was, which most people ignore, global, and europe was hit the hardest.	even outside of the recession, they have a comparable standard of living to the us.
Possessiveness in relationships.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	be an individual, be yourself.
Superficiality and limited inventory of electronics stores.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	go to a party on a college campus or to a local club, and you will see where sex is cheapened.
Discouraging pride in one's heritage and focusing on personal achievements.	you should not be proud that you are asian, white, black, or hispanic.	your solution is to suggest that people should forget about their heritage and only focus on what they can do in their short life.
Morality and Bestiality	the thing about morality, is you may never change anyone is mind.	if you ca not imagine lots of subjects which have moral values independent of whether scarcity exists or not, then you simply are not thinking hard enough.
Utilitarianism and Animal Suffering.	all mammals can feel pain, and coming from a utilitarian viewpoint, any suffering is bad if the pros do not outweigh the cons.	an animal that is not shot will still suffer and die.
Consequentialism and Universal Maxims.	by considering whether something ought to be a universal maxim, we are already considering the consequences of that thing being a universal law.	so if doing  x  causes more  y  than not doing it, and  y  is bad, then we should not do  x  according to a albeit naive consequentialist.
Airline seat reclining policy.	i feel that i paid for a seat that reclines, and i also paid to sit in a seat where the one in front of me reclines as well.	therefore you are  not  paying for a seat the reclines you have received a seat that  happens  to recline.
The Ethics of Military Combat.	another reason is when on the field, you are killing people who are on the other side of the fight than you, but these people are compete strangers.	nobody is going to hand the air force guy a rifle and say  go shoot bad guys.
Political spectrum and movements.	a fascist with a libertarian, both are apparently right wing.	do you know why communists, socialists, social democrats, feminists, and progressives are grouped together under  the left  ? it is because of their shared interests.
Funding public education and health care systems.	most of the resources obtained by the redirected inheritances could fund very strong public education and health care systems giving everyone a fair start in life.	can you still justify your idea if this money just adds to government waste ? it becomes an outdated concept much like nobility and its hereditary privileges feel outdated nowadays.
Disorganization of icons on computer and physical desktop.	on windows, we have a mess of system icons and application icons just sitting there loose to drag around.	what is that supposed to be a visual metaphor for, for pete is sake ? moving something to a different part of your physical desk perhaps ? have you not ever encountered a physical desk ? have you never rearranged or organized physical things on a desk ? seriously, have you not ever used a desk ? do not get me started on the  all users  desktop under windows.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	for decades after physicists came up with the idea, we did not have any direct evidence for dark matter.
Advantages of digital clocks	digital clocks are better since its faster to read the minutes as a number.	in both the clock and the chart example, the cost of this easier interpretation is reduced precision and for many people and many situations, that is ok.
Casual sex and its effects on society.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	the times and places where that was a widely held cultural norm are the societies where extramarital sex/sodomy was seen as abhorrent and punishable by torture or even death.
The effectiveness of fire drills.	after all, experience under non life threatening drill situations hardly emulate life or death situations.	if this occurred in real everyday life, say in my apartment complex, i would agree with you, but fire drills are something we do for children.
Features and amenities on a cruise ship.	room service, room cleaned twice daily, amazing food all you can eat , daily entertainment, and ways to relax.	or their room being cleaned twice daily.
The difficulty of batting in professional baseball.	batting is also one of the tasks that many scientists claim to be impossible.	much of the complexity is drilled and beaten into the athletes  muscle memories so that they do not have to think when the time comes.
Criticism of GOP's War on Drugs policy.	the gop started the war on drugs, a policy which is obviously a gross mismanagement of taxpayer dollars and racist to boot.	i have never once seen a prominent republican run on this stance.
Grading in Maths and Science	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	it is stressful and results oriented because the real world is stressful and results oriented.
Criticism of "The Mismeasure of Man" Conclusion	also, before anyone suggests it, i have indeed read  the mismeasure of man.	oh and before you bring up the minnesota trans atlantic adoption study that one is a favorite among  race realists  , there is also some flaws there.
Anonymous online behavior and its consequences.	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	instead of only the computer experts who know how to revers lookup an ip address harassing people, if the internet was not anonymous then any user would have enough information to personally harass any other user that they want.
Internet and Social Networking Usage.	or users would just stop using social networking as much.	i will happily leave as soon as something better catches on.
Helmet use for cyclists compared to aviation requirements.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	in fact, it is worse than sour grapes because you holding up cyclists to higher standards than motorists.
Violence and Self-Defense.	but once violence happens, walking away simply is not an option anymore.	it is avoidable if you make the effort to identify the antecedents to violence and then choose to not take that path.
Property rights and regulation.	also, who could forget the absolute travesty that was blackwater ?	the equal enforcement of property rights is, by default, what people mean when they mean  no regulation.
Advocating for higher speed limits on roads.	the roads can be safely navigated at higher speeds.	it is the classic  i am the exception to the rule  fallacy.
Opposition to the Iraq War.	i am not saying all wars are avoidable, but even though i am highly ignorant about politics, i just did not see the point of iraq war.	in a time of peace, no random private or leiutenant just goes off and starts a war.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	again, it is about connections.
Religion's role in governing and the "dark ages".	therefore, the muslim world will never see the abandonment of religion in everyday governing life as a useful long term solution.	cultural issues pertaining to women, freedom of the press, and individual freedoms in general do stem from religious attitudes, but this is no different than secular christian nations.
Casual sex and its effects on society.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	first of all, lots of people have casual sex just fine; the partners who have issues are the ones who either do it irresponsibly say, without protection or as a means to manipulate someone or are not on the same page, like if one person has a relationship in mind and the other does not.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	you are missing a lot of what art is.
Artistic expression vs. Science and Technology.	i feel that most societies of the world focus far to much on artistic expressions such as dance, art, and music.	so where does that leave you ? were those generations of geniuses simply misguided, wasting away their time with unproductive and leisurely frivolities, or maybe there is something to be found in art that you just have not taken the time understand ?.
Limitations of investing time in social and technological movements.	so, in choosing between investing one is time in creating a potentially revolutionary social and technological movement vs.	you might want to try r/philosophy or giving more examples about your view ? not everything can happen, there are actual physical limitations.
Energy production and storage.	we need to continue our work on energy storage, production, and delivery first.	mass production is the only thing that will solve the upfront cost problem.
Marijuana use as a moral turpitude offense.	the several times he has used drugs marijuana counts as a multiple moral turpitude offense, which generally is considered against standards of  contrary to community standards of justice, honesty or good morals.	the rules wo not apply to him, he will go places and do things you could never dream of literally or afford in your wildest dreams.
Snoop Dogg criticizing a young rapper's skills.	now snoop is one of the few active og, why the fuck is he gonna go diss a young rapper ?	a rapper with skills would write a diss track and release it.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	greed is the basis for demand.
Nazism and its impact on common people.	we don't have to have zero tolerance for nazis, there were a lot of moderate nazis.	if i blame wwii and the holocaust on  extremists  who are crazy anyway and do terrible things regardless of ideology, i am seen as some kind of neo nazi.
The limitations of opinions and beliefs as social constructs.	if you are a fast learner and keep distance between your ego and your hypothesis, then the concept of opinion, or belief, is useless.	i think your first paragraph is a bit like the chicken and egg scenario.
Weddings and gender roles.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	a wedding is not used to validate a marriage for most couples , it is used to celebrate it ! and no, no matter how much i am in love, i will definitely get more joy out of a big wedding than a small one.
Men's redundancy in reproduction.	furthermore, reproductively, almost every man on earth has become redundant.	we value companionship and love in our mates.
Land value tax and basic income distribution.	with a land value tax, we could use a percentage of the proceeds to create a basic income, so that all people will share equally in the land wealth of a country, regardless of history.	however, i take issue with the above statement.
Racial division and forced relocation due to trade sanctions.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	do you believe that a sizable fraction of people would be sufficiently racist to impose, say,  higher costs on themselves ? cmv.
The ethics of financial control in abusive relationships.	as long as an allowance, or a budgeted income, or financial control is not a tool being used to facilitate physical, emotional, or sexual abuse, then i do not believe those behaviors in and of themselves constitute abuse.	you are making the decision on all these assumptions and pressure from your abusive partner who is saying lies to convince you to do what they want you to do.
Role and Goals of HOAs.	one of the main goals of an hoa are to help maintain or even increase the value of the homes in the neighborhood by preventing people from doing things that would lower property values.	the federal government is already telling you what you can and cannot do with your land, the state government gets to tell you what you can and cannot do, your county government get to tell you their rules, your city has their rules, and now we need another to do the same ? that has nothing to do with hoas.
Morality and belief in God.	without a god there is no reason not rape and murder.	the reason for why people obey a moral claim is independent of whether that claim is true.
Realization of someone's true nature.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	it sucks that she canceled her plans with you to have sex with a guy but you ca not blame her for anything else.
Obama's responsibility to address cyberbullying in schools.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	the fact is that politicians and leaders  choose  to become targets of libel, slander, unsubstantiated rumors and satire.
The limitations of ethical consumerism in addressing climate change.	whether or not florida is sunk by rising sea levels is not a triviality that should be left to making sure you buy the right soy sauce.	my sustainable, organic, fair wage coffee may still deliver the same caffeine dose as the cheap generic coffee, but knowing that one was produced with my particular ethics in mind, is of great utility to me, even if the product performs similarly.
Capital punishment and ethical concerns.	imagine if someone came into your life, took away someone you held near and dear, causing suffering to you and everyone who knew them.	although there is the simple logic that if cruelty is bad, it is still bad if it happens to a cruel person.
Discussion on the benefits of electric vehicles and tax breaks.	so my viewpoint to summarize is thus: evs are wonderful concepts and should continue to be worked on.	if you can afford a tesla, you really should not need a $, tax break ! tax break aside, are you weighing this one thing against all of the money spent for fossil fuel consumption ? those have their own tax break and subsidies, if they are not so obvious, they still exist.
Moral and ethical beliefs conflicting with responsibility ascription.	however, i have never been fully able to reconcile my moral and ethical beliefs with the way in which responsibility is ascribed.	secondly, material valuables is a completely inferior class of property to that of a human being is body, again with different expectations of continued ownership the government taxes our material valuables but at least protects our right to believe what we want ! the foremost expectation in  civilised  society is that  property belongs to the owner  and the more  important  the property to an individual, the more sacred and inviolate the ownership  and expectation of continued ownership.
Microevolution and Macroevolution.	evolution occurs on small scales with species, but these species do not hold a common ancestor.	what evidence do you have that would support the idea that we do  not  have a common ancestor ? could you explain  why  you believe this ? you mention that you are  certain  of these things and that you do not believe what the experts who study these things for a living say, and you never explain your reasoning.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	with intent to cause the death of another person, he causes the death of such person or of a third person did pantaleo intend to cause the death of garner ? if he did not plan and intend to cause death, he is not guilty of murder.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	in summary, all you are doing is lining up a couple white lines in your mirrors that are now easily adjustable given the steering conditions.
Civilian casualties in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.	israel cannot justify the massive civilian death toll as countering the palestinian resistance is measures of last resort.	is there another method to destroy them ? they can send soldiers in, they can bomb them, they can ask hamas to destroy them.
Maturity on Reddit and Mental Health Support.	reddit often is not mature enough to deal with those kinds of posts.	these posts can collect a fair amount of comments trying to talk people out of it, with a nice little karma boost for the op when they change their mind.
Controversy over the use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	you realize that this  entire sentence  is completely racist right ? they probably wo not complain  to you  or publicly because of cultural values and ideas but if you think that chinese people are not offended when you say that in general then you are completely wrong and pretty racist.
Debate on the necessity of playoffs in determining a winner.	the team that has the most points at the end of such a season is a clear winner, and playoffs are not really needed.	however, as a counterpoint i think the teams with the best overall record have put together the teams built for wins and there is this almost unavoidable bottleneck at the end of the season to pit the best teams against one another.
The role of sociopaths in society and leadership.	in order to minimize people is personal moral codes getting in the way of a powerful, efficient society, sociopaths and other people with little to no morals should be encourages to attain positions of power.	stalin did not pause his purges because he realized he was making a mistake, he paused his purges because his best generals gave him an ultimatum.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	certainly there is creativity in the idea behind it, however that creativity is not what drives growth.
Compensation for prisoner labor.	people, even prisoners should not be exploited for free labor.	given the above, they are clearly not being exploited, at least not any more than other workers in the economy.
Legalization of Racism in Housing, Employment, and Public Services.	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	how is this any different ? does the person not own the business like they own their house ? than what justifies this ? a society where we kill off the rich and distribute their wealth might be a  better  whatever that means society, but it is not a moral society.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	some people, regardless of what their hobbies are, just suck at the social aspects of life.
Subjectivity in religious theories and science.	religious theories are not made by objective measurements of an environment we only know from our observations.	although we have built tools to perceive things we cannot perceive with our body, there might be infinitely many things we are not aware of.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	a truly intimate connection is nothing that is solely formed in bed.
The importance of emotional connection in sexual relationships.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	why do they have to be very close ? why ? i mean, it certainly tends leads to great, meaningful, and fulfilling sex.
Issues with the Penalty System in Sports.	the penalty itself lacks rationale, in that the offending player is simply victim of the laws of physics and momentum.	multiple instances of lesser contact can accumulate and have the same impact as one big hit.
Comparison of superhero film franchises.	hero is fine, shit happens to hero, hero saves day, the end.	in iron man , it was about distraction of utilizing a made up  bad guy  to distract from real mastermind.
The pitfalls of researching atheism and religion online.	there are a thousand places, a million internet hits, which one can browse to discover facts on the athiesm/religion debate and even the specific subtopic that was discussed yesterday.	and most people are simply unable to accomplish this.
Challenging the Link between Slavery and Black Household Poverty.	which would lead me to believe that the obvious argument of  slavery black households are forever impoverished  is a weak one.	have identified entrenched poverty as being a challenge which persists even in the absense of racial discrimination.
Theological beliefs regarding the nature of man and God.	but what changes by adding god to the picture ?	murder is the malicious taking of life but not all life just human life, life that is made in god is image.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	the only thing in your statement that is true is that they ca not be denied services based on those attributes.
Benefits of Exam Structure in College Courses.	some students already know all the material and are taking the course only for formality reasons.	they are designed to teach the material and homework   test   group work   extra credit formula works to teach.
Amorality of Company Actions.	any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	what you seem to assume is that seeking to gain from a transaction is objectively wrong, which completely defies the basis of transaction.
Safety concerns with ridesharing services.	on top of that, there are already some incidences where a driver has taken a young lady to a remote location and sexually assaulted her URL .	these types of incidents can only increase as ridesharing increases.
AI's potential to destroy humanity.	ai destroying humanity would require some semblance of sentience and evolution past the originally programmed purpose.	i am not a computer scientist or even remotely an expert in anything related to computing.
Gender in Employment Recruitment	It is reasonable for companies to consider gender when recruiting employees, because there is many quantifiable differences between males and females.	there is no reason gender should factor into this, because being a certain gender is not a job skill.
Morality and Bestiality	the thing about morality, is you may never change anyone is mind.	many say it is wrong, some say it is permissible.
Regretting tattoos obtained at a retreat.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	i have seen old people with great looking tattoos.
Knowledge of World War II in America.	as a european american i am consistently astounded by how little americans know about the war.	but its been nearly  years and wwi is covered extensively in most high schools and colleges in the country, nobody is going to forget about it happening but people will forget details and numbers.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	this also means that the current configuration or distribution of private property is based on a social consensus.
Police use of lethal firearms.	first off, why do your day to day patrol officers need lethal firearms ?	almost anyone can acquire lethal firearms in the usa.
Vegetarianism and Animal Rights	the way we treat all animals are simply ignored by vegetarians.	animals are used for fur, held in captivity for entertainment, animal feed like feeder mice and fish , and are mass produced as pets.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	thus private property is created.
The purpose and value of a diploma.	the purpose of a diploma is to prove you are able to function in a civilized society.	if this is your view on the purpose of a diploma, then who says that those with severe mental disabilities are not able to function in a civilized society, albeit with some help ? also, i would hardly say that those without a diploma are excluded/shunned from society.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	this will attract the people who will like you and repel those who wo not.
Cats' behavior towards humans.	cats feel no empathy, remorse or respect towards humans.	i do not usually think anecdotes are good evidence, but you are using some so i figure they are fair here.
The ethics of financial control in abusive relationships.	as long as an allowance, or a budgeted income, or financial control is not a tool being used to facilitate physical, emotional, or sexual abuse, then i do not believe those behaviors in and of themselves constitute abuse.	i will agree that this is a bit of a stretch, but there is a pretty obvious middle ground that is pretty grey.
Minimum wage and tipping in service businesses.	i believe that enforcing a minimum wage for these type of service businesses would alleviate the issues we have with tipping.	that is the point ! while there will always be extenuating circumstances and unrepeatable business owners, if your not getting tipped you probably suck at your job and should be fired.
Driving regulations and traffic flow.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	why do not bicyclists have these same restrictions and obligations to use those same roads ? a bicycle is nowhere near as complicated or dangerous as a car.
Pacifism as an Approach to Dealing with Terrorism.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	you kill a man and he becomes a martyr who inspires two or ten or twenty more to join.
The War on Christmas and Religious Inclusivity.	the real goal of the  war on christmas  is to claim ownership of the end of the year, and pressure others to only acknowledge the christian holiday and exclude all others.	the only real  neutral  thing to say is either to not say anything or to say  have a good day.
The Importance of Controversial Speech in Cultural Development.	speech that may seem unfit for public consumption is often the type that is needed the most for cultural development.	is there anything besides porn that we censor heavily ?.
Responsibility of victims in bullying situations.	instead of blaming the bully, you blame the victim.	the victim has to stand up for hirself so he would be able to face any future bullies.
Harmful effects of introducing substance to developing children.	one reason is that you are introducing your child to a potentially harmful substance, linked to both liver and brain damage, at a time when their body and brain are still developing and are especially susceptible to damage.	this substance is only harmful in large quantities.
The Effects of Video Games and Dangerous Sports on People	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	i realize that i may not be able to easily connect with these people socially because we do not share a common interest, but even in watching the interaction of those who i know to play video games on a daily basis with others there is noticeable discomfort when they speak with people they do not know.
Polyamory and the selfishness of true love.	the argument was that polyamory, where love is shared, could not be real because true love is selfish.	you are not listening to anyone, or responding when people do give a well reasoned response.
Importance of taking a day off on your birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	some people just do not want to work on their birthday, and want to do whatever they want instead.
Misogyny in the gaming community.	with all the quinnspiracy and gamergate bullshit going on, i have come to the conclusion that gaming community of reddit is full of misogynistic neckbeards who are unable to take any critique.	if you go to any gaming subreddit you are gonna find out that mot people absolutely despise her.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	you might cut back on the electronic aspect of id theft, but criminals roll with the punches.
US military failure in Iraq.	in other words, the united states just lost a war.	the united states did not invade iraq after / to fight muslim terrorists, it invaded iraq in  to try to find and destroy weapons of mass destruction that the u.
Pickup truck usage.	most of the pickup trucks i saw where not carrying a massive load, there was just a person in the truck.	your stuff does not get rained on or blown away and you can stock things vertically.
Items in Competitive Gaming	even if there is a random aspect to the game. so what?	if there is a random aspect, it is not competitive.
Selective breeding for the betterment of the planet.	babies should only come from selections of parents based on what the future needs of the planet would be.	how do you choose who has the best genes ? do you put a test in place ? who writes the test ? when would this test be administered, and where ? what would be on the test ? would it be an iq test ? a test of parenting ability ? what happens if someone does not pass the test ? would they not be allowed to have kids ? what happens if someone has kids without permission ? are the kids taken away ? are the parents jailed ? would people who already have kids be grandfathered in, or would they have to take the test too ? if they fail, would their kids be taken away ? also, how does this truly factor in with free will ?.
Responsibility and Birth Control.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	so, your whole premise that only stupid, careless or lazy people get pregnant is simply incorrect.
The benefits of believing in a higher power.	if you believe in a higher power or god, you get rewarded if you are right.	atheism is not something we choose for personal benefit, it is something we choose based on the evidence we have, and the way we wish to live our lives.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	if you do not like the rules, nobody is asking you to follow them.
Mental health and counseling	i do not see any reason why i should not want this.	this will limit your ability to find friends or a spouse.
The effectiveness of education research and scientific method in education.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	because these are unbelievably difficult issues that do not have a  isilver bullet  solution in many cases.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	it protects people from being hassled and from being denied services for no reason other than stupid ones, such as the color of their skin.
Politics and Governance.	in toronto last year, the mayor rob ford admitted to using crack cocaine while in office, spurring a backlash from the public.	leaders of democracies, on the other hand, more often than not  do  step down when the people will them to.
Pregnancy as a Non-Disease in Healthcare	pregnancy is not a disease that needs to be cured.	the aca also mandates coverage for prenatal care, childbirth, addiction counseling, breastfeeding equipment and general wellness and prevention benefits that have nothing to do with the treatment of a specific disease.
Monopoly's lack of skill and excessive randomness.	games full of randomness are too boring. like many american kids, i was often forced throughout my childhood to participate in  monopoly  games with my family.	from what i can tell, there is very little skill involved in playing the game, it just seems to be a giant crapshoot the whole way through.
Features and amenities on a cruise ship.	room service, room cleaned twice daily, amazing food all you can eat , daily entertainment, and ways to relax.	or relatively inauthentic to the place you are going relatively lower quality hence  all you can eat  food.
Human evolution and animal equality.	i believe that we humans are not more evolved than any other animal, we just evolved differently but together with other animals.	i do not think intelligence and capability of surviving on a vegetarian diet necessitate that certain things are inherently wrong for us to do, like eating meat.
Argument against reincarnation.	in broad terms, what is the most logical argument against the idea of reincarnation that you have heard or can come up with yourself ?	any two things at all, no matter how random or different the form of those things.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	most companies meddle in politics and command a degree of power.
Fear of the Unknown in Natural Selection.	since natural selection shows us that the strong survive, at some point the human, or protohuman, brain tells humans that anything different is dangerous.	my background is with horses, because i ride and own them.
Women's willingness to give up something for sex.	i ca not think of any scenario in which women are willing to give up something of significant value in order to get sex.	while it is very easy for a woman to get sex, it is not necessarily going be  good , orgasmic sex, especially not with a new partner.
Discussion about mainstream music artists and Nicki Minaj's talent.	say all you want about iggy being talentless and mediocre which can be said about most mainstream popular music artists and performers, what can i say ?	missy elliot ? she is good, but that was then.
Limitations of a all-powerful being with different laws of physics.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	god always existed independently of the universe.
Grading and Approaches in Math, Science, and Humanities Courses.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	you are expected to learn the material yourself if you are gone.
Fatherhood joys and challenges.	think of all the joys fatherhood brings.	you are trading off increased happiness from   and in your s and beyond for a good amount of misery from   and in your s.
Morality and belief in God.	without a god there is no reason not rape and murder.	this is said to mean that someone who follows moral rules only to avoid punishment is not a moral person.
Criticism of environmental hypocrisy regarding private jet usage.	there is no hypocrisy, because no one is advocating the ban of private jets.	what, is he supposed to travel by hot air balloon ? you ca not tell people that they must make sacrifices for the environment and then be unwilling to do it yourself.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	in the bible god claims to be true and have created the world as it is.
Dislike towards people who are pro-violence.	indeed, anybody who is  pro violence  i automatically dislike.	you describe  judging someone  as an experience where you  take on a sort of inherent aversion to their company  based on their character.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	the existing giants do not have to play fair.
Debate on accuracy of slavery laws in the Bible.	however you take the argument, there is no proof either way who added the slavery bits into mosaic law.	in what context is it ever okay to kill someone because they picked up sticks on the wrong day of the week ? in what context is slavery ever acceptable ? not all christians ever make this distinction.
Highway speed limits and safety concerns.	the speed limits on most highways just do not make sense.	there would be no  traffic  at all because we are all moving the same speed and therefore there is nothing stopping the flow of traffic barring the occasional incident.
Inconsistencies in the Marvel Universe.	concepts such as rampant mutantphobia, the construction of sentinels, apocalypse, the sh iar, etc are never addressed in, say, captain america.	there are many threats that superman faces for which he could use the help of the rest of the justice league, but because it is a superman comic, he goes it alone.
Budget allocation for NASA and social benefits.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	they are not dying for those reasons in the us.
The importance of physical appearance in dating.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	online dating is useful because if you have certain  dealbreakers  then people can get that out of the way.
Attire at Music Festivals.	should girls be expected to wear bikini tops and bra is in public ?	music festivals are a time for people to have fun while listening to music.
Non-consensual sharing of intimate photos.	i know some photos of random girls have to have been from a boyfriend or ex that were uploaded without the girl is permission.	it would be like if you watched revenge porn or something where videos get uploaded without their consent, its invading their privacy and if you choose to watch it, you are in the wrong.
Controversy surrounding the American flag and its history.	but i kind of consider the confederate flag to be like the nazi flag.	i do not think people should fly the confederate flag and frankly, it is bizarre that someone would fly one in pennsylvania of all places , but i understand why some people do, and often it has nothing to do with being  pro slavery  or even  pro states  rights,  even though that is what people like you might assume understandably so, to be fair.
Benefits of paying off small debts.	paying off a small debt instantly  adds  to your emergency fund.	if you have an emergency and need emergency money, you can only pay the minimum that month, and use the funds you would be paying your debt with to fix the emergency.
Leadership and Sociopathy.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	there are other power bases that they are forced to content with, and though cynics will claim otherwise, a lot of very powerful people rate ethics pretty highly.
Advantages and limitations of using tablets for reading.	a tablet saves trees, carbon dioxide, etc, but reducing the amount of paper that would normally be printed out.	or they are only available through some weird rd party website that does not have a tablet or mobile version and you ca not get the book online it is order only because they are on the approved university list vendors.
Password security and malware infection.	ideally, passwords should not be reused, and a formula should be used to generate unique passwords for each account you have.	you are better off with pure random passwords.
The ethics of financial control in abusive relationships.	as long as an allowance, or a budgeted income, or financial control is not a tool being used to facilitate physical, emotional, or sexual abuse, then i do not believe those behaviors in and of themselves constitute abuse.	leaving an abuser of any sense is generally incredibly difficult, is not it ? not even having $ for a hotel room to escape is really going to affect the person is decision to leave.
Selling products using personal songs and art.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	so how is this any different than any other art that is sold ? artists have to eat, and selling their art helps them do this.
Faking wealth.	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	in addition to that, power, respect and a fame of sorts are my priorities too.
Animal farming and its impact beyond human consumption.	if you decide to not eat animals so that hopefully less farm animals are subject to such horrible conditions, you are ignoring the bigger picture.	animals are mass produced for a variety of reasons, not only for human consumption.
The complexity and physical demands of baseball.	as for mental capacity, baseball is an extremely complex sport.	having wonky rules does not reflect the mental capacity of the athlete.
The limitations of ethical consumerism.	in practice, ethical consumerism is used as an excuse to abolish democratically implemented regulations, leaving huge questions the environment, workers rights, and the like to the will of a system that inherently values profit over superficial  ethics .	i can go to just about every grocery store in the country now, and find organic produce, and fair trade products.
Political spectrum and movements.	a fascist with a libertarian, both are apparently right wing.	in other words, left wing ideologies mostly differ in intensity and scope, right wing ideologies are more different from each other.
Controversy over justifying genocide and celebrating Columbus Day.	we are taught in our schools that genocide is justifiable and acceptable if we get something in return or are not disadvantaged by trying to solve for it.	i remember be taught about the japanese interment and how that was unjustified.
Advocating for Marriage Equality at Weddings	i would not petition people to join my favorite political or social cause at my wedding.	but if marriage equality is an issue that is important to me, then i see nothing wrong with showing my support for it by removing references to marriage being between a man and a woman in my own wedding ceremony.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	a partnership is not a superior/subordinate relationship; it is a relationship between equals.
Government's role in finances of cohabiting couples.	i have no problem publicly committing my love to the woman i want to spend my life with, but will not go along with the government dictating how we handle our finances.	if you live together you cohabitate, and the law does not really distinguish that from marriage.
Morality and free will in relation to God.	i will not entertain the idea that morality is relative.	it is not that adam   eve tainted us; they were just the first to do what every one of us does all the time.
Social isolation among gamers.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	i do not presume that this experience is generalizable to everyone, but it is almost certainly more informed that your own unless you have played on a competitive gaming circuit, which i very much doubt.
Accessibility to basic human needs.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	security: this one is provided by pretty much every system and pretty much every proposed system save anarchism.
Cars and Needs	if you want a cool car buy a porsche, much better looking and cooler.	your question seems to center on the notion of  need , people should not have massive pick up trucks because they do not need them.
Maturity on Reddit and Mental Health Support.	reddit often is not mature enough to deal with those kinds of posts.	there is no doubt in my mind that this person saved my life that night.
Importance of intimacy in sexual relationships.	sex is a very powerful action that does not necessarily have to be used for conception every time, but should only be used between two very close people.	prostitution is called the oldest profession in the world for a reason.
The social effects of identifying as a gamer.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	progression with teamwork in the online world is very emotionally engaging and truly does strengthen bonds between teammates similar to that of sports.
Limitations of human knowledge and perception.	there might be infinitely many things we are not aware of.	it is impossible to argue that a thing we are completely unaware of exists, even if it does exist.
Social isolation among gamers.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	they seem disconnected from many aspects of social life and also seem quick to prove that they are smarter than the person with whom they are speaking.
Debate on animals' desire for life.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	also, i do not think it is immoral to buy into a system that you do not have the power to change if that is a requirement for meeting your basic needs.
Fear of Death and Its Impact on Decision Making	i used to be afraid of death, especially when i was a kid/teenager.	there are millions of things you can spend your time doing and thinking about, and you choose to see people who have not spent the years of self reflection that you did as weak.
Incest and its potential harm.	when i say incest, i mean consensual sex between two adults that are closely related.	so what are you talking about ? siblings ? one of the big problems of incest is that it may encourage a parent or close family member to groom a child for a future adult relationship.
NSA's impact on civil liberties and terrorism prevention.	there is certainly risk to civil liberty as in any government enforcement agency.	there is a careful balance where you put freedom against security.
Misunderstanding of Immigration.	some one from another country using mexico as an example from here on out immigrates here one way or another for a better life.	i think you have a very poor understanding of immigration.
Concerns about excessive sugary drink consumption in food establishments.	every restaurant, corner store, bar, cafe, hotel etc seems to have  making a profit  as their secondary aim.	one of the problems with the idea of prohibiting soft drinks is that the last time we had some wildly popular beverage that suddenly got banned by a bunch of meddlers who thought they knew what was best for everyone nevermind  if it was actually better ; people, espeically americans, do  not  like their freedoms restricted , the mafia happened, and we really do not want to go through that shit again.
Coursework procrastination and monitoring.	some students see the deadline of the coursework and decide to start doing the coursework on that day.	as long as your consistent and you do not give any students any special treatment, they will respect you.
LGBT representation in resources for intersex children and parents.	but when we are dealing with young children and their parents, there is a concern that the association with lgbt would drive away parents of intersex children who would otherwise seek out information and resources about intersex conditions.	first off, a bit minor, but these parents try to choose their child is sex with the surgery.
Debate on the Fat Acceptance Movement.	for example, the fat acceptance movement makes obese people think there is nothing wrong with their bodies and ignore the health risks of being obese.	why do you care if someone is fat or not, or if they are a nerd or not ? these are their choices, not yours.
The War on Christmas and Religious Inclusivity.	the real goal of the  war on christmas  is to claim ownership of the end of the year, and pressure others to only acknowledge the christian holiday and exclude all others.	this is what the side fighting  for  christmas is fighting to get.
The complexity and physical demands of baseball.	as for mental capacity, baseball is an extremely complex sport.	i do not play lol, but i dabble in fighting games, and you need to know your character is move set in and out, you need to know all of the other character is move sets so you know what you are up against.
The effects of mustard gas in warfare.	assume that mustard gas is only used on the battlefield and does not spread to other areas such as civilian areas.	so anyone a soldier, or his clothes, comes in contact with for all that time is also injured without knowing it.
Religious beliefs and intolerance.	are these people delusional, unintelligent, or am i intolerant of other beliefs ?	neither is there anything overly logical about it.
Existence of a Creator.	how do we know that beyond what we know, there is not a creator ?	we know enough to rule things out.
Opinion on banning pet cats.	The federal government should ban pet cats. basically my view is rather simple i hate cats.	i do not like children.
Liberals' disgust towards desecrating knowledge and burning libraries.	liberals are simply disgusted by different things, for example desecreating knowledge: burning books or libraries.	is it disgust, or is it moral outrage that someone might feel because a library was burned ? haidt might argue that liberals feel moral outrage at the burning of a library because it resonates with the emphasis their moral intuitions place on liberty, and destroying knowledge is a threat to liberty.
Basic human needs and Maslow's hierarchy.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	, it is not that starving children in ethiopia lose the competition for food it is that they are never given the chance to compete for food because of a complex network of political and economic factors that make disposing of food surpluses a more beneficial decision than distributing those food surpluses in famine struck regions.
Artistic value and deadlines in the job market.	in the marketplace, art is value tends not to be based on the amount of time taken to create it.	if you make visual art for a project, that too has to be done by the release date.
Society's stance on punishment for criminals.	the most we can do is agree as a society that we do not want certain kinds of people in our society.	it is the job of the state to make sure the criminal is fairly punished.
Conservation and Hunting of Endangered Species.	we do not prioritize the environment and society nearly enough and i would rather be too harsh than not harsh enough and destroy one of the few and possibly only life supporting planets in the universe.	baning the hunting of some of these  extinct in the wild  animals is going to lead to their extinction URL would you rather have animals not exist at all or have some hunted ? it seems the people responsible for the loss of these creatures on earth are those who want to ban them from being hunted.
Gun Training and Safety.	training should focus on both the legal framework regarding gun usage and proper shooting technique and gun maintenance.	unmaintained guns usually fail by not firing.
Availability of PDF editing apps on tablets.	ipad and android tablets and i assume whatever the heck microsoft is is have very solid apps for editing pdfs.	if you write in pen on a piece of paper it will always stay there, no matter what.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	see:campcom is disney titles and how drasticly different they are between consoles.
Racial profiling and discrimination by police.	but if the same policeman finds a black kid with facial tattoos, a thick accent and pants around his knees we see that kid go to jail.	if you have facial tattoos and pants around the knees, you are going to be negatively judged that is life.
Highway speed limits and safety concerns.	the speed limits on most highways just do not make sense.	if you raised the limit, people will speed and therefore those who are going slower than traffic will cause accidents.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	you have an artificial view about human potential and learning.
Negative effects of mobile devices and screens on society.	we receive too much bad information through our mobile devices, we are increasingly more obsessed with our screens.	smartphones, tablets, and computers all expand our ability to browse through information; and the average person today has access to more information and art than any other person in history.
Criticism of religion's role in causing problems in the world.	when i say that religion in general and islamic in specific causes a lot of problems in today is world, i am seen as a bigot and an islamophobe.	these things do not cause  normal  people to do horrible things.
Barriers to communication for the deaf community.	the use of a sign language is central to deaf cultural identity.	due to this, i do not understand most of hearing people is norms, they all come across as alien like and silly to me.
Debate on the importance of bodily autonomy.	and somehow  body autonomy  is some concept to be held high.  barf.	in fact, the right to life works much better when understood from a ba perspective.
Improvement in quality of life, technology, and crime rate.	the quality of life is increasing, technology is improving, and crime is falling.	crime is falling due to extra enforcement by our government.
Cultural Appropriation in Hip Hop Music.	white guys and chicks are all listening to hip hop,slurring their words, putting on a blacker accent and using more black words like  ratchet  or  twerk .	then you say it is not fine when white people say it.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	they are far less likely to seek any kind of counseling/therapy to deal with what happened, because again, they assume that they will be met with more derision.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	being that i was adamant about remaining childless, i made sure that i did everything in my power to make sure my pill was as effective as possible.
Debate on the Benefits of Reading Books.	a typical argument would be how much more engaging a book is because you are using your imagination to form scenes and develop characters, but i think readers generally take that concept to a level that simply does not exist.	another thing i personally like about reading is that it is relaxing and you can dive into the book.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	i will agree that this is a bit of a stretch, but there is a pretty obvious middle ground that is pretty grey.
Responsibility to inform about infidelity.	as a continuation, i believe the right thing for c to do is to inform b of a is infidelity regardless.	you said it is not immoral to be with someone who is with some else already.
Efficient boarding process at airports.	passengers should be required to self sort prior to having their tickets scanned.	airlines do not make money when their planes are on the ground.
Individual rights and justice.	i do not see how one of group of humans has the right to restrict another human is movement and intimately control their life.	when someone harms you without a cause, they are no longer innocent in the situation.
Advantages of using a trailer for moving.	if you actually want to move a lot of stuff a trailer is a lot more practical.	just because they are not carrying a  massive load  right now, does not mean they are not being used elsewhere to carry things.
Kant's universal law formulation and consequentialism.	an appraisal of whether something ought to be a universal law seems to be consequentialist to me.	we discover them, and can use and misuse them, get them right or wrong; but they are entirely part of the stable structure of the world.
Gender Bias in Media Representation.	so my question is:why are women allowed to have female centered mediums with biased views on men, but men are not ?	because there is inequality already, and because women care too much, and it is one of those things that is not worth the trouble.
Travel options for coastal cities and limitations of cruises.	most large cities are on the coast and you are able to travel anywhere.	what if one would like to visit devil is tower, mount rushmore, yosemite, or yellowstone ? you can go on vacation to those places.
Bandwidth usage and incentives for streaming sites.	netflix and major bandwidth sites do not have much of an incentive to lower their bandwidth because of all this.	just like you and me, they have to pay for their internet connection and they pay  a lot  because they require high bandwidth.
Snoop Dogg criticizing a young rapper's skills.	now snoop is one of the few active og, why the fuck is he gonna go diss a young rapper ?	for one that looks really bad on snoop is part, and second it makes snoop seem jealous of iggy.
Role and Goals of HOAs.	one of the main goals of an hoa are to help maintain or even increase the value of the homes in the neighborhood by preventing people from doing things that would lower property values.	i do not need my automobile dealer or neighbors permission to change the color of my car, to pick my clothes, choose my friends, my books, my political beliefs what makes my house any different ? if your argument is that an hoa improves housing values by setting standards, it is very easy to devalue a home outside of their standards.
Social anxiety and difficulty with romantic relationships.	i had no courage to even talk to a girl i had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.	i could take your entire post, and replace it with tony robbins URL or shit, any of these mother fuckers URL or any of these books URL and it would read largely the same.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	it seems that we ca not come to terms on this issue, because we have a fundamental difference of opinion.
Dealing with a friend's personal problems.	i think her problems are due to her own issues, and its unreasonable for her to drag me into her own problems.	well, i am sure most gay people is hatred of homophobes has something to do with the issue of their sexuality and how that is affected their lives.
Airline seat reclining policy.	i feel that i paid for a seat that reclines, and i also paid to sit in a seat where the one in front of me reclines as well.	additionally the staff can and will ask you to unrecline your seat as you noted.
The Purpose and Design of Tests.	i think the purpose of a test is to approximate your ability to understand the material that test is over.	it is also unfair to teachers to expect them to be marking work from throughout the term/semester/year.
Dangers of treating information as property and patent trolls.	treating information as property creates dangerous entities like patent trolls, which do not create anything but merely buy and sell information for profit.	why should society be compelled to honor and abide by the transfer of physical property but not intellectual property ? treating land as property creates dangerous entities like land barons who do not create anything but merely hoard untold thousands of acres as speculative investments precluding any number of more productive uses by the community etc.
The value of atheism.	so what is the point of arguing and reading all these books about atheism ?	and as far as books on atheism go, i do not really see the point in  strengthening your stance  on atheism.
Nationalities and their corresponding names in English.	polish people are poles, scottish people are scots, british people are brits, arabic people are arabs, turkish people are turks, jewish people are jews, czechoslovakian people are czechs, slavic people are slavs swedish people are swedes, mongolian people are mongols.	therefore, since the broad consensus of society is that word jap is racist and it has been used that way in the past that is why most people feel that it is racist.
Debate on whether only adults should be allowed to gamble.	also, many argue that since gambling is addictive, only adults should be able to gamble.	i can see how something, such as cigarettes are illegal for minors, since they make the smoker a massive candidate for cancer, but i do not see the same thing happening for scratch tickets or bingo.
The pursuit of happiness.	if i surpass any previous accomplishment by any other human, or spend all my days watching spanish soap operas and eating chips i do not speak spanish , the end result is the same: oblivion.	if becoming the greatest human on earth will make you very happy, work for it.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	i also recognize that ethics and personal values are highly subjective.	they do it out of higher motives.
Rights and Restrictions on Human Movement and Control.	i do not see how one of group of humans has the right to restrict another human is movement and intimately control their life.	well, what are you going to do if someone is a persistent danger to those around them ? keep arresting and releasing ? well what about the kind of control exercised by criminals who make people feel unsafe to leave their homes at night ? or beat them up and take their things ? your whole point seems to be that of pacifism writ large.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	or you could just read a book, upsides to having a book over a tablet include: you do not have to charge it it has a set environmental impact where as tablet are ever increasing the more electricity you use to charge it it is light it is  reliable.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	even on a non close friend level, i would say that playing online with strangers is still damned good fun and can encourage all the same teamwork and strategy as any sport can.
Corporate personhood and limitations.	the rights and responsibilities belonging to people were extended to corporations.	not all rights and responsibilities belonging to people were extended to corporations.
UBI and its potential impact on landlords and bankers.	therefore there will always be a limited supply and landlords and bankers will be in a position to take advantage of the influx of cash now coming in through ubi.	it wo not suddenly be printing massive amounts of money to pay for this.
Suggesting improvements for user interface design.	far more useful, imho, would be something like a better implemented version of those osx springy things in the dock a popup always on top file browser window toggled on or off with a button in the dock/startbar/etc, defaulting to your documents folder.	how is that helpful or productive if it is not linked to action ? one thing i recommend in this situation is that you sit down with a pen and paper and mock up your ideal ui and how it would work.
Advantages of digital clocks	digital clocks are better since its faster to read the minutes as a number.	i actually agree with you on the whole about  hour time being superior to  hour time, but i do think this is a weak argument and should probably be discarded.
Extended deadline and luck.	why am i lucky that a deadline was extended because of a situation out of my control ?	opportunities seized appear a good luck, and opportunities not seized appear as bad luck.
Wedding ring expenses.	the idea that you should spend half or more of a yearly income on a wedding ring is the most disgusting financial advice i have ever heard.	we are talking after tax dollars of course it shows that you are responsible with your money and able to save up to afford nice things.
The limitations of ethical consumerism.	in practice, ethical consumerism is used as an excuse to abolish democratically implemented regulations, leaving huge questions the environment, workers rights, and the like to the will of a system that inherently values profit over superficial  ethics .	in practice, this means that ethical consumerism is, at best, a mostly irrelevant niche market, a lonely island in a sea of unethical behavior.
Grading in Maths and Science.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	that is plenty for most to write a paper of whatever in the given time.
The impact of tax reduction on wealthy voters.	any attempt for the wealthy to reduce their taxes will result in destroying their own voting power.	so the wealthy vote in a guy who changes the system to reflect net worth instead of taxes.
The importance of informed decision-making and avoiding indecision.	as one can make the most informed decision with all information and research that is available, why be rash.	because you ca not always sit around and deliberate on decisions.
Bias in hiring based on physical appearance.	subconsciously, people tend to assume attractive people are more trust worthy than unattractive people.	i think other visual factors, like clothes, are much more common subconscious signs of whether or not someone can be trusted.
Intolerance and Tolerance in Europe.	europeans act so fucking surprised when a kid grows up and believes the same thing his parents did back in the old country, as if people magically absorb ideas.	i am sure their is some intolerance in europe, but compared to the rest of the world, they are very tolerant.
Debate on animals' desire for life.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	whether you are talking about animals, plants, bacteria, anything you like, we all attempt to survive.
The limitations of ethical consumerism in addressing climate change.	whether or not florida is sunk by rising sea levels is not a triviality that should be left to making sure you buy the right soy sauce.	that is just the bottom line.
The joy of getting married in a simple way.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	what you may not realize is that sometimes the couple wanted a small thing but one or both of the couples parents pushed for a big celebration this is a big day for them to see their son or daughter be married off.
Legal implications of denying allegations.	denying the allegations puts you in the awkward position of calling someone a liar.	that way their lawyers will say  do not say anything in public since it could only hurt you.
Moral significance of animals and their killing for enjoyment.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	just as easily as you assert animals have no will to live, i can assert that their apparent will to live is equally significant to our own; after all, humans are also just chemical reactions taking place in a sac of flesh that are designed to guide us towards both existence and proliferation.
Galileo's scientific contributions and societal limitations.	what if galileo had only studied what was politically correct ?	our current society is not totally scientifically literate, but it is loads loads better than th century italy.
Wasteful consumerism and benefits of investing in quality equipment.	imo these people are wasting their money, and exemplary of wasteful consumerism.	case in point of the gopro.
Love as a social construct and primal instincts.	true, but maybe that is because love itself is a social construct ?	when this argument is thrown around you are basically telling me you are a caveman and we should go back to our primal instincts.
Allied bombing missions during World War II.	bombing civilians was necessary to win the war.	most of the allied bombing missions were not terror missions over cities like dresden or hamburg.
Corporate liability for death and officer bans.	death: any and all officers active at the time of the incident are permanently banned from participating in that corporation.	speaking as a corporate officer and a board member, it would take about  minutes for a halfway decent lawyer to construct a liability shield that would render this idea worthless.
Legalization of Racism and its Impact on Free Market	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	do you honestly think you would rather shop at an openly racist business, or an openly inclusive one ? it already is.
Speeding and Traffic Safety.	if we all obeyed them, traffic would come to a crawl.	according to the nsc, , lives are lost every year to speeding, so if that is not a big problem then i do not know what is.
Driving safety and emergency vehicle awareness.	not being able to hear emergency vehicles coming.	the  ding  that normal people hear is not at all informative.
Belief in God and personal stance on religion.	i mean god as a supreme being/entity who is all knowing, all powerful, and created the universe.	i can create, i can destroy, i can erase existence from those things.
Limitations of philosophy and mathematics in understanding truth.	philosophy has no defense against counter intuitive truths such as  objects have a probabilistic rather than a defined set of characteristics .	further, it is genuinely difficult to mathematize certain concepts, it sucks, but that does not make those concepts any less true or false, being able to reduce them to mathematics is an epistemic, not ontological concern.
Justification of invading another country and leaving it in anarchy.	first off, i am not going to go into the reasons for invading another sovereign country.	do you think the people who viewed the american invasion as a bad thing would likely talk to an american ? do you think that someone with a negative opinion of you would talk to you while you were armed and had the power to kill them ? i certainly would be telling my honest opinion to gun wielding invaders if i did not like them.
The use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	one may feel completely offended by you saying nigger and another black person may not.
Segregation in markets and businesses.	markets will react by opening up segregated shops and restaurants.	if a business owner does not want to transact with someone based solely on their race, then that is their loss, and the potential gain for some other entrepreneur.
Definition of terrorism.	but as the years go by the word is being more and more loosely defined.	the same is true of, say, the ira bombings in london, the boston marathon bombing, and pretty much any suicide bomber who goes into civilian areas with the intent of killing as many people as possible.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	however for the crucial first moments of an altercation you need people armed and ready to hold a threat until someone better armed comes in to back you up.
Controversy surrounding the American flag and its history.	but i kind of consider the confederate flag to be like the nazi flag.	it has also stood for a lot of truly great things, do not get me wrong.
Bicycle riders' rights to use roads.	i want to ride my bicycle here so i am entitled.	why do not bicyclists have these same restrictions and obligations to use those same roads ? because a normal car driving at normal speeds can cause a lot more damage than a normal bike being ridden at its normal speed.
Middle East and colonization.	i think we need to basically recolonize the middle east.	our recent nearly a decade long foray into iraq, while it was not an occupation, should be proof enough as to why a prolonged stay ca not and wo not bring out the results you are trying to seek.
Libertarian views on race and discrimination.	libertarians claim that the free market or  social pressure  will eventually lead to a post racial world.	let is say i am a racist and i refuse to allow hispanics into my home, because i hate hispanics.
The use of vague language in media reporting.	limp words such as that are used by media outlets of all political persuasions in preference to terms that are more informative and accurate, qualities normally appreciated in news coverage.	also, where is abuse being used instead of rape ? rape is a form of abuse, but abuse covers a lot more things, like verbal and non sexual kinds.
Economics and Leftism.	leftist culture demonizes capitalism, which is the mechanism by which one attains material security in our society.	my first counterpoints are on fiscal conservatism.
Limitations of scientific evidence and research studies.	anything not backed by scientific evidence or at least deemed possible or credible is ridiculed.	could you imagine cutting off the leg muscles of someone to study how far they could walk ? because people have studied that when living in a place free from political and moral backlash.
Logic vs. Science in Understanding Human Behavior.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	as there is no evidence for a god, the logical explanation is that it is probably non existent.
Canceled plans and disappointment in friend's priorities.	well we made plans to hang out one night and she flaked on me.	it sucks that she canceled her plans with you to have sex with a guy but you ca not blame her for anything else.
The role of sociopaths in society and leadership.	in order to minimize people is personal moral codes getting in the way of a powerful, efficient society, sociopaths and other people with little to no morals should be encourages to attain positions of power.	they would be able to crush forces threatening to tear society apart, and would be able to, in theory, be more efficient than someone who is constrained by the lives of people who, ultimately, do not matter to the country.
Race and Libertarianism.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	unknowingly you are actually arguing for libertarian ideals.
Equality and Fair Treatment of Marginalized Groups.	criticize the action rather than the person.	we can preach and spew data all we want, but until people see the repressed and ostracized people as people worthy of the same rights and liberties as the majority of people.
Pronunciation of Latin phrases in English.	us/english pronunciations of latin phrases show the speaker is complete ignorance of how sounds are formed in romance languages.	because otherwise if i am choosing to use a pronunciation which the people i am speaking to wo not immediately understand i am just being a pretentious dick, and letting my pretentiousness get in the way of the communication i claim to be seeking.
Criticism of Anime Tropes and Historical Context.	i find the tropes of anime very inane, everyone looks the same, people are too serious or too wacky, the animation is clunky same expressions , the subject matter is very bizarre and i ca not stand most of the characters.	for example, in anime, a guy might say  you are my rival from today  which might seem cringey, but in a western setting, the audience would  know  the character was thinking it, just that he would say something more  toned down.
Lack of Mass Protest and Government Suppression of Basic Rights	american people would never rise up in a mass protest and defend their rights and freedoms.	while you have given the nsa scandal as an example of americans  not  rising up to defend their rights and freedoms, what about all the cases of civil rights movements to fight to acquire rights ? racial and homosexual rights movements have not been small or quiet.
The benefits and ethics of donating large sums of money.	giving above a certain amount can serve as cheap advertising for those donating and serves to increase their reputation with the public.	rich people do give but because they have a lot, some of us we think they should give a lot.
Misunderstanding about mental health conditions.	when anything about suicide or disappearing from the world comes up, everyone looses their mind.	i agree that we should keep our minds tight, but we are justified in losing our minds when someone is about to make a bad decision.
Comparison of ethnic and religious violence in Europe and the rest of the world.	in fact, that is why i think most examples of ethnic and religious violence outside of europe did not really happen until europeans started meddling in foreign affairs.	what place of earth has clean past ? americans killed off whole culture and put them in reservations.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	they want to invite all the relatives.
Importance of intimacy in sexual relationships.	sex is a very powerful action that does not necessarily have to be used for conception every time, but should only be used between two very close people.	have you got any proof to back this claim up ? i think it is pretty easy to look at western europe to see a pretty laissez faire attitude towards sex and also see pretty healthy, thriving societies.
Government's role in finances of cohabiting couples.	i have no problem publicly committing my love to the woman i want to spend my life with, but will not go along with the government dictating how we handle our finances.	that may be true but that does not mean she will be unable to take you to court.
Arguments for applying gay marriage to other practices.	i think the arguments that are used to support gay marriage can be directly applied to the other two practices mentioned.	but outside of possible children, incest between two consenting adults would not affect other people any more than gay marriage.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	as an individual, i do not have to treat people fairly though i endeavor to do so.
Human rights as social constructs and their limitations.	i believe all rights given to any human are social constructs, produced by society from moral structures determined by a multitude of factors.	however, all of these rights can be removed in some way, and are not somehow intrinsically given to a human at birth.
Kant's Categorical Imperative and Atomicity in Actions.	but none of the maxims address the atomicity of the action why must not apply the categorical imperative to the action of telling a murderer where the children are ?	thinking about whether or not people in the future should or should not follow a particular maxim does not quite fit that bill.
The nature of amoral behavior and social contracts.	and what we think is  amoral  is actually just a social contract.	it can mean they are not  absolute  but not that they are not real.
Advantages of being attractive	i believe because of these factors, attractive people ultimately have happier lives and have way more success while putting in way less work, financially, socially, and emotionally.	i think this is easily disproved by how many successful men have very attractive wives.
Cost of Professional Sports Entertainment Tickets	if you want sports entertainment you should go pay professional sports entertainment.	students at college are going to want to watch their college sports team play.
Criticism of Miss America pageant.	but i do not understand why these pageants are accepted and even celebrated.	how far tom brady throws is superficial, and celebrating him just because he can throw a ball is silly is not it ? it is so superficial and has nothing to do with the inner subjectivity of life, so its worthless.
Comparison of wind, solar, and nuclear power.	wind and solar power are great but nuclear power is more reliable and produces far more power.	then again demand for highly refined materials i.
The decline of language expression in society.	people have no need to express themselves anymore.	not everybody values a thesaurus.
Affordability of professional sports entertainment.	if you want sports entertainment you should go pay professional sports entertainment.	alumni of a college are going to want to watch their college sports team play.
The value and limitations of cultural differences.	cultures are not entities that have or can have rights, nor are cultural differences inherently valuable or wrong, for that matter .	culture genocide is a thing.
The limitations of commitment in marriage.	no one can make a commitment that lasts forever, no matter how much people fool themselves that that is what marriage is.	you are acknowledging they have the right to be committed to someone who loves them more than you, and you are also acknowledging they are fine enough to be on their own.
Views on the sustainability of relationships and their endings.	there is no way a relationship between two people can last and the people in that relationship actually remain happy and content with the relationship and each other.	the ending of a relationship is not a bad thing or a failure.
Challenges with Rational Thinking in Textual Analysis.	two people saying vastly different things both being considered right hurts my fundamental understand of the way that rational thinking works.	not so much tolerance, but understanding of other opinions to your own can be crucial in leading a healthy lifestyle.
Debate on whether inmates should receive free liver transplants.	however i see no reason for an inmate, most of which are former drug and alcohol abusers to perhaps receive a new liver, free of charge.	additionally, the vast majority of convicts are only in jail for a few years.
Acknowledging the Existence of Horrible Black People.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	you ca not blame an entire race of people for ruining something that a they did not have anything to do with and b no individual black guy wakes up in the morning and thinks  hmm, i am gonna rob a bank today so i can fuck up america a bit more.
Anime and its Historical Context.	i ca not stand most of the characters.	for example, in anime, a guy might say  you are my rival from today  which might seem cringey, but in a western setting, the audience would  know  the character was thinking it, just that he would say something more  toned down.
Discussing interpretations in literature and its relevance to education.	i get that for many people, discussing interpretations is a way of enhancing their reading experience, but what does that have to do with my education ?	if i could not even attempt to understand a different person is view on the world then it might lead to me not accepting them for the person they are see: militant homophobes/racists.
Animal farming and its impact beyond human consumption.	if you decide to not eat animals so that hopefully less farm animals are subject to such horrible conditions, you are ignoring the bigger picture.	animals will be mistreated, big and small.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	the prequels were just technological innovations that were designed to be undetectable if perfectly executed.
Beauty standards and body image.	is real beauty not being thin, even though you may happen to have a high metabolism or eat healthy foods ?	you think everyone should life their life the way you do.
Pregnancy as a Non-Disease in Healthcare	pregnancy is not a disease that needs to be cured.	therefore, its  cure  or prevention is not a part of healthcare.
Online bullying and negativity towards celebrities.	tldr: people should not shit on other people for no reason; even if the person you are shitting on is undeserving of fame, does not have talent, or whatever, there is still not a good reason to shit on someone.	a rapper with skills would write a diss track and release it.
Importance of taking a day off on birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	requesting a day off is not escaping responsibility.
Debate on the morality of business actions.	but any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	you should judge them for the rule of law that we all must hold to.
Importance of taking a day off on your birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	being older does not make it any less special.
Inaccuracies in the Gregorian calendar.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	this is why leap years exist currently.
Winter Olympic sports accessibility.	most of the sports in the winter olympics are not even an option for most people around the world.	they both test athletes in their discipline and provide for exciting entertainment.
Gender roles in parenting and the workforce.	women who has to stay at home to raise kids are subjugated by the working husband because she has no income of her own and she has no skills valuable to the marketplace after being at home so long.	i strongly disagree with your view that raising children is somehow inferior to a money making job.
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	would be rapists are the ones that break the law and they are the ones that ultimately make the decision.
Disabling Ads and Payment Methods.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	adblock plus has published a manifesto of acceptable ads.
Feminism and Public Opinion.	these connotations seem to turn public opinion away from the feminist movement.	i think you are missing the point.
Advantages of using vans for moving compared to pickup trucks.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	your stuff does not get rained on or blown away and you can stock things vertically.
Defining the American Dream.	that is not what america is about.	would you rather they work shitty jobs their entire lives, then have the product of that work taken away so that their children can also work shitty jobs for their entire lives ? raising hard working children and being wealthy parents are not mutually exclusive things.
Testing people's ability to distinguish between wines.	therefore, i basically believe that people ca not tell the difference between wines.	get two bottles, and have your friend pour you one glass from one bottle and two glasses from the other.
Swiss-like foreign policy and government services.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	our foreign policy is mostly centered on protecting and expanding our economic positions.
Maturity on Reddit and Mental Health Support.	reddit often is not mature enough to deal with those kinds of posts.	maybe i was not  clinically diagnosed  or whatever, but i fucking tell you i had a noose ready and was about to climb on that fucking chair.
The Ethics of Military Combat.	another reason is when on the field, you are killing people who are on the other side of the fight than you, but these people are compete strangers.	who are also trying to kill you.
Safety concerns regarding deaf drivers and lip reading while driving.	trying to lip read a passenger while driving.	if there are already deaf people on the road, assuming they do not cause a higher rate of car accidents, injuries, or deaths than the general public, is not all this concern over nothing ? do you have statistics showing that deaf drivers are, on the whole, more dangerous ? also, to point out some flaws with the risks you bring up   talking with their hands, when they should be on the wheel.
Religion and its impact on society.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	religion in america is threatening homosexual rights, religious minority rights, and science education.
Crime and Economic Collapse in Detroit.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	wtf ? it seems to be the way you criticize black people, looking through your post history when you say things like:   black culture and feminism destroyed america feminism depopulated the west blacks degenerated the west you sound like a member of the kkk, not someone who has actually looked into the issues surrounding the things you are talking about and come to a serious conclusion.
Misconceptions about bisexuality.	the potential partners i could have would be increased, et cetera.	once you remove the number of bigots from both the gay and straight dating pools you are left with a lot less options then a typical straight person.
Privacy and the Ethics of Peeping Tom Behavior	i think about all the porn out there, i know some photos of random girls have to have been from a boyfriend or ex that were uploaded without the girl is permission.	just because the pics are available to the public does not mean i do not want my privacy respected anymore.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	i do not know what should be my label, but i think people should be  loyal  to the consensus and constructs of their society.
Police shootings and statistical evidence.	almost daily we hear of police shooting and killing unarmed and unthreatening citizens along with animals.	do you have any statistical evidence for this claim ? without any statistical evidence to back up your previous claim, this serves as nothing more than an example of the availability heuristic.
Modern art and its connection to meaning.	same is true with a lot of modern art.	a lot of modern art is built up upon context.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	tasers: few follow up shots if any , very limited range, sometimes sketchy effectiveness.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if we all obeyed them, traffic would come to a crawl.	the economic cost to society of speeding related crashes is estimated by nhtsa to be $ billion per year.
Opposition to the Iraq War.	i am not saying all wars are avoidable, but even though i am highly ignorant about politics, i just did not see the point of iraq war.	however, a large portion of the military join to support themselves or their family, or get out of debt, or get an education, and simply feel they have no other choice to accomplish these goals.
Non-consensual sharing of intimate photos.	i think about all the porn out there, i know some photos of random girls have to have been from a boyfriend or ex that were uploaded without the girl is permission.	both are exceedingly creepy and it is messed up.
Impact of long-term radioactivity pollution on the environment.	and the environment is polluted with radioactivity for over a century.	chernobyl is a very interesting natural area these days.
Airline seat reclining policy.	i feel that i paid for a seat that reclines, and i also paid to sit in a seat where the one in front of me reclines as well.	that is text book selfishness and arguably makes you an asshole.
Sexual orientation and dating preferences.	if you happen to go more for women than men, that would still render you bi.	expression is mostly cultural, yes.
Criticism of computer-edited music genres.	also, the computer fixed vocals and edited instruments just does not make these people any more like able.	yeah there is songs about  money, bitches, cars, drugs, etc.
Affordability of professional sports entertainment.	if you want sports entertainment you should go pay professional sports entertainment.	maybe in an ideal world where sports are completely separated from education, but that is just not the reality.
The role and consequences of anger.	lastly nothing consequently good can come from anger.	anger can also make people change did you parents ever get angry when you failed a test ? whether its for better or worse though depends on the situation also some old age bullshit about without  blank  how do you know when you experience  opposite of blank.
Homosexuality as a choice.	i think that participating in homosexual acts is definitely a choice.	i think most of the gay folks i know will strongly disagree that it was cool/interesting to be gay openly or not while in high school and some for much later depending on where they live.
Internet and Social Networking Usage.	or users would just stop using social networking as much.	it does not matter if their service was great or sucky, we paid for it because it was the only way to reach friends in that medium.
Challenges with Arab Muslim perceptions of Westerners.	i understand that not all arabic muslims want my head on a platter, but enough do to constantly have struggles over there.	complicated, to say the least syria: french rule of one form or the other until  simply put, the west has a pretty active history of involving itself in middle eastern affairs.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	at that point it becomes a choice.
African American culture and ancestry.	during slavery africans had their native cultures erased and came together to form a new one for all african americans.	as long as you accept all the negative aspects of stereotypical american culture as aspects of your so called american white culture, sure.
Protection against discrimination and constitutional rights.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	i believe they have selectively refused to recognize particular rights for arbitrary reasons it is not in the constitution ! or for ulterior motives.
Batman's Mass Assault on Bane with Fatal Consequences.	in dkr batman organizes a mass assault on bane, knowing the police are using guns, and bane is troops are using guns, which leads to a lot of deaths.	ra is al ghul also deliberately sabotaged the train is accelerator to keep batman from stopping it prior to it reaching the point where gordon had collapsed the elevated track.
Living in a swing state and its policy decisions.	but outside of statistics, let is say that you do live in a swing state; policy decisions regarding taxation, spending, the military, legalization of substances, etc.	if you vote for a liberal party, you are more likely to see a more progressive approach to issues like same sex marriage and substance legalisation.
Consent and Birth Conditions.	apparently, i consented to these conditions by being born.	governments demand some sort of funding.
Internet censorship and child safety.	imagine your child browsing the internet, doing research for a project, or just browsing around.	without it, he or she would be encountering this type of content on a daily basis, scarring them for life.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	if healthcare and infrastructure are neglected it is out of ignorance of their own self interest rather than malicious intent.
Racism in Disney movies.	is there anyone that will argue that even these are not harmfully racist ?	aladdin and mulan are of the same race as their villains.
Private vs Government Space Exploration Funding	spacex and virgin galactic have been able to do with limited funding what nasa could not do with a much bigger government backed budget.	what exactly did they managed to do that the nasa did not ? i mean sure it is great to have the private sector taking on a more active role and it is necessary for the long term goal but they are not going to put a rover on mars, they are not going to land probes on asteroid and they will not financed space telescopes again they are part of those endeavors and play a vital role but they will not do it alone.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	every time the trigger is pulled, that is someone else that can die.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	i believe you are looking at intellect, potential, and education very much within a small confined box that is the current terrible schema used in education around the world.
One-state solution and annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the one state solution, palestinians, would have a  right to vote  on israeli policies.	palestine does not have a functioning, united government.
Negative effects of derogatory humor on stereotypes.	derogatory humor also helps perpetuate negative stereotypes about groups that often deal with these preconceived ideas on a regular basis already.	moreover, wherever this line is drawn, assuming this is abided by people will brush against or often step over this line, ie it wont stop offensive humour, but rather redefine what we see as offensive.
Content distribution and fees for traffic load.	traffic heavy content distributors pay a fee because that is how infrastructure and traffic load work, and if you do not pay, the law kicks in with penalties .	the bottleneck comes from the outdated infrastructure of the cable companies.
Social anxiety and difficulty with romantic relationships.	i had no courage to even talk to a girl i had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.	also, i am generally much more confident, got rid of most of my depressive nature and people actually like to be around me way more than before.
Advancing freedom of decision in diverse societies.	now, according to the advances we have in terms of technology and more scientific fields i think we need to advance a lot in terms of freedom of decision.	the fact that you are about to have a break from work/school and gather with your family to have a lot of food and possibly exchange presents ? that is religion, bro.
Comparison between Hamlet and a teenager's Twitter page.	hamlet does not contain  half  the raw angst found on a teenager is twitter page.	cake is easier to swallow than broccoli but that does not make it better.
Importance of Privacy in Society.	i need a logical argument not based on dangerous potential endgames, or a justification for privacy in itself beyond just that  privacy is good .	the idea is that, if you give government access to one thing, why would it stop there ? why not have mini cameras in every bodies homes, and there bathrooms it will certainly be possible withing the next few hundred years.
Pacifism as an Approach to Dealing with Terrorism.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	the struggle seeps into the culture and becomes part of their identity, and the more you try to fight that the more entrenched it becomes.
Public transportation coverage during off-peak hours.	questionable coverage at other than peak commute times.	i live in the dc area and this has never been a problem for me.
Representation and Diversity in Art and Culture.	artistically, women are depicted as objects of beauty and desire, people is of color are barely depicted at all and white men are the creators of art.	also the language tree is called indo european for a reason.
Acknowledging the Existence of Horrible Black People.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	more men rape so why ca not i criticize men ?   you are mistaking correlation with causation.
Men's rights in abortion and financial obligations.	therefore, i believe that men should either have abortion rights, or the right to waive all financial obligations to his child while abortion is still an option.	you are assuming women do not consider the possible outcome of having a child and what that future might look like. that is generally not true.
Helmet use for cyclists compared to aviation requirements.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	why ? the requirement for flying a  is higher than the requirement for flying an ultralight.
Gradation of punishment based on BAC level.	we need a gradation of punishment, where the punishment is worse the higher your bac.	speeding can be done safely since you can speed with nobody around and slow down to handle congested areas.
Comparison of Soviet and US Cartoons.	i used to watch soviet cartoons which are diametrically different from the ones produced in the us.	are you trying to compare soviet educational programs to american filmmaking, because they are not really comparable.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	i wo not argue with you about the existence of god, but i will argue in favor of religion being allowed to exist.
Concerns about the well-being and evaluation of transplant recipients.	their wellbeing following such traumatic interventions are not guaranteed, especially when comes to transplantation.	not only that people who need to have treatments or transplants, do not get evaluated for there contributions to society.
Beliefs about sex with transgender individuals.	there exists a very real, and i would argue dominating, belief amongst the populace that having sex with a transgender man or woman is not the same as having sex with a  born  man or woman.	only after the fact was it an issue.
The importance of a marketplace of ideas for abortion rights.	what can i possibly say of any value about abortion rights ?	you have a conscience and you can decide whether you want the society you live in to support the right of pregnant women to choose or the right of a fetus to live.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	if it is an issue of health and not looks, that is a personal matter between a woman and her doctor.
The rationality of betting on God's existence.	betting on there being a god is the smart decision because there might be a pay off, while atheism has no reward.	but there is nothing else to convince you that it is  true.
Racism and Cultural Appropriation.	c more and more people are acting blacker.	about  years ago, nigger was one of the most common words i used.
Debate on the Importance of Educational vs Athletic Opportunities	there is nothing a priori that makes educational opportunity more important than athletic opportunity.	that is about the worst argument ever.
Criticism of Anime Tropes and Historical Context.	i find the tropes of anime very inane, everyone looks the same, people are too serious or too wacky, the animation is clunky same expressions , the subject matter is very bizarre and i ca not stand most of the characters.	the only reason you do not  adore  them rather than  hate  them, is because your familiarity with western stories.
Artists selling their art.	even established actors or comedians should not be doing commercials.	commercials are used to convey a message.
Impact of Global Recession on Europe	but the recession was, which most people ignore, global, and europe was hit the hardest.	the recession that hit europe was due to a lot of things, not least of which was the eu having an economic union but not a monetary one.
The profitability of esports.	think about how cringe worthy that sounds if you did not have any interest in the game.	esports does not need to be  mainstream  it just needs to be profitable, and for the most part it is.
Degradation of language skills.	anymore, you do not have to even spell words right.	few people will try to learn and understand more nuanced words because it adds very little to the conversation.
Pride and its relation to actions and humanity.	being proud should only come with an action, not with something you are born with.	the deeper issue is, if you are saying you can only take pride in what you yourself did, you cannot be proud of your race, your country, your species, your planet, your neighborhood, etc.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	any reasonable teacher gives some partial credit for work, but still takes the final answer very seriously.
Reddit's purpose and dealing with negative karma.	reddit is supposed to be a discussion board and website where people share their opinions, something nobody should be harassed for.	sorry, why should not people be harassed for their opinions ? if someone starts spouting racist shit, they will be harassed.
Feasibility of a classless society and job distribution.	proponents of a classless society: how do you realistically see the society functioning so that the  hard  jobs are not all vacant ?	if you could do anything you wanted with your life,  you  might not pursue medicine nor would i , but many people still would.
Homosexuality as a choice and "gay for pay" pornography.	i think that participating in homosexual acts is definitely a choice.	lgbt organisations are trying to destroy the idea of that gay bad.
Racial profiling and discrimination by police.	but if the same policeman finds a black kid with facial tattoos, a thick accent and pants around his knees we see that kid go to jail.	right now the only people that have to deal with unfair laws are those who do not get police discretion and do not have enough sway in our government.
Nazism and its impact on common people.	we don't have to have zero tolerance for nazis, there were a lot of moderate nazis.	people are homophobic because they are assholes, not because of religion.
Pacifism as an Approach to Dealing with Terrorism.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	the conflicts here had deep historical roots and had been bubbling on and off for centuries.
The benefits and ethics of donating large sums of money.	giving above a certain amount can serve as cheap advertising for those donating and serves to increase their reputation with the public.	one thing i have struggled with, and the left wing is severely more guilty, is why demanding free stuff from rich people, or government, is not greedy.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	this is free advertising.
Misalignment of School and Financial Years with Calendar Years.	school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years.	in many others, a single school year actually  does  line up with a calendar year.
Impact of voting in swing states/ridings.	unless you live in a swing state/riding, your vote is not going to make a difference.	if romney had been elected, the country would more or less be in the same place it is today.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	symptoms may come and go with stress or change in situation.
Personal growth and sexual experience.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	watching movies and tv shows and thinking  that is how i am supposed to act.
Disadvantages of big money and large bureaucracy.	small enough to avoid the disadvantages corruption of big money, large inefficient bureaucracy .	look at how badly cambodia, laos, or north korea are governed, each with a smaller population than texas.
Role of government in a democracy.	no one should force choices for others.	and even then if some did not want to be isolated you would still be forcing them.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	over the long trajectory time scale, surveillance may have certainly increased, but the ability for your government to kill you without questions , while the international community sits by and respects sovereignty has certainly reduced considerably.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	do you think police as a whole  want  to kill people ? they do not.
Crime and Economic Collapse in Detroit.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	you do not see people talk about crime in cities ? it is a pretty big issue that people do want to deal with.
Recognition for sobriety versus problem-solving accomplishments.	some people stay sober their entire lives, and are never given accolades or congratulations.	then you have said that recovering from a state below that baseline should not be praised.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	there are many, many iconic concepts ranging from lucy is therapy stand to linus  security blanket that come from the strip, in addition again to those iconic character designs.
Racial insensitivity towards black people.	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	think about the historical context.
Disadvantages of having a child.	having a child is objectively a bad decision economically, time wise, etc.	put simply: someone is got to take care of you when you are in an old folks home.
Challenges with Arab Muslim perceptions of Westerners.	i understand that not all arabic muslims want my head on a platter, but enough do to constantly have struggles over there.	we saw in iraq that our involvement can often strengthen extremism more than deter it.
Inequality and fairness in corporate hiring practices.	I think there is a lot of inequality in corporate hiring right now, and a lot of people who get eliminated actually meet the job requirements associated with the position.	networking is not any different, it is just another way to let employers know that you are not an absolute garbage of a choice.
Comparison of gymnastics and rock climbing.	yet gymnastics asks one to maneuver their bodies into shapes that the human figure is not meant to form.	edit  in this case the sport also has a heavy aspect of discovering the perfect moves instead of having a short list of allowed/possible moves.
Adversarial nature of taking government agents to grand jury.	if a government agent is put before a grand jury for a crime, the prosecutor and the accused are both playing for the same team.	taking it to the grand jury by its very nature is therefore a more adversarial option than they have to choose.
Disadvantages of Reading and Editing on Electronic Devices.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	what is essential for you is more or less worthless to me.
Benefits and drawbacks of reality TV and Gordon Ramsay's behavior.	reality tv is also a great source of knowledge on different cultures and societies that a regular person might have not got the chance to stumble across.	can i find something to make you look how i want in  minutes within a  day period ? i think so.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	it gives them no information other than  these people were able to crack our drm, therefore we need better drm  or  oh man, what jerks for stealing our product.
Argument against reincarnation.	in broad terms, what is the most logical argument against the idea of reincarnation that you have heard or can come up with yourself ?	your beliefs  are  your identity; and safeguarding the possession of identity is more important on an animal level , than the illusion or reality of your beliefs.
Charitable giving and personal sacrifices.	many charities that you may donate to pay their employees and ceo is ridiculous salaries.	however, there are a lot of things that people do that they could get rid of in their lives to give more if they wanted to.
The difficulty of impressing audiences in entertainment industry.	we can no longer shock, horrify, scare, or blow the minds off of audiences any more.	there may not be another group like the beatles because we are so segmented now.
Two-state solution and Israeli annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the two state solution, israel would have to treat a palestine, as a country, with sovereignty.	delaying.
Evaluation of Economic Policies	his recovery act almost single handedly saved the economy from a depression saving main street, and completing the unpopular tarp bill saved wall street.	and the deficit thing is a function of the economy, not obama is policy choices.
School liability waivers.	in my school, for example, in order to attend we have to sign waivers.	the supreme court has ruled that teachers can search students based on a reasonable suspicion, but they  cannot  arbitrarily search all students on a fishing expedition.
Dangers of treating information as property and patent trolls.	treating information as property creates dangerous entities like patent trolls, which do not create anything but merely buy and sell information for profit.	you should really mention what country you hail from when making statements like this.
Regretting tattoos obtained at a retreat.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	do you take pictures of yourself ? obviously, we do not take pictures of ourselves because it is a manifestation of the present; we want to remember where we were, what we did, what we experienced, what we thought.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	i much prefer short answer.
Benefits of Taking a Cruise	cruises are also full of activities to keep yourself and your kids occupied during the trip.	mostly, i like to travel to the wilderness, which is not a place most cruises go.
Overview of Political Science and IR as Disciplines	admittedly, one class and a global policy simulation may not be enough to really judge the field, but i ca not be completely wrong, right ?	it gives you some basis for being in the room while you gain experience by actually attempting to apply those foundations, but it will never come out the same way as it does in the classroom because we are never operating on the same optimal information.
Gender in Recruitment: Bias and Data	It is reasonable for companies to consider gender when recruiting employees, because there is many quantifiable differences between males and females.	firstly, it is hard to assess any kind of trend if there is not enough sample data, so by allowing discrimination to continue you are actually biasing the data.
Criticism of environmental hypocrisy regarding private jet usage.	there is no hypocrisy, because no one is advocating the ban of private jets.	covering a mansion in solar panels allows you to keep using power, but not contribute to pollution.
The impact of vegetarianism on the food industry.	to speak realistically about the world: a small percentage of newfound vegetarians does not impact the specific industry nor the whole picture all together.	vegetarianism is not completely useless, only mostly.
The sustainability of democracy.	if you believe that democracy wo not fail, i ask what makes you believe that there will be enough smart people to outweigh the dumb people ?	also, your e more likely to vote if you are educated, not uneducated so your premise is kind of self defeating.
Sexual desire and gender differences.	but, in general i believe that men at large are more desiring of sex.	i am not certain that men, from a genetic perspective, have more desire.
Criticism of Anime Tropes and Historical Context.	i find the tropes of anime very inane, everyone looks the same, people are too serious or too wacky, the animation is clunky same expressions , the subject matter is very bizarre and i ca not stand most of the characters.	another important fact to consider is that in western societies, we have developed a social etiquette to  tone down  things and  play it cool  whereas in eastern cultures, people are more  brutally honest  which might translate to  obvious ness  of character interactions.
Individual financial autonomy within a marriage.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	if you are married, you are no longer viewed as a single entity by the government.
Password security and malware infection.	ideally, passwords should not be reused, and a formula should be used to generate unique passwords for each account you have.	if they get your e mail password probably the most used service , they could reset the passwords for all of your accounts.
Violence and Self-Defense.	but once violence happens, walking away simply is not an option anymore.	most of the time people who are involved in violent conflict are there because they made choices that inevitably lead them to that place.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	i believe that expensive engagement rings and elaborate wedding ceremonies are a waste of money and only serve to make women feel spoiled and/or special.	just because something is short, does not mean that it is a waste of money.
The ethics of forfeiting a person's right to live.	the state has the duty to protect the safety of others in society.	how does it follow from the fact that a person has broken a social contract that they have forfeited their right to live ? for what infractions on said social contract is this appropriate and why ? i feel this social contract argument is just begging the question.
Corporate Responsibility and Accountability.	because of the nature of corporations, there can be situations where the corporation caused injury or death to a person yet no one person actually made a decision that knowingly caused it.	punish the bunch of people, not their guise.
Debate on whether alcohol-facilitated sex is rape.	but there is a push escalating trivial hookups to rape.	provided neither feels the other has transgressed, no one.
Spoilers and disinterest in a TV show.	if you do not care about the show, why get all uppity if you now know the ending ?	i do not think that many people would flat out not watch a show or read a book because they knew the ending, but that does not mean they would not enjoy it more if it were a surprise.
The existence of supernatural beings and their paradoxes.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	we are clearly not created all powerful and all knowing, which introduces flaws.
Bill Murray's cult following	so, what should i watch to convince me that i am wrong about bill murray, and he actually deserves his cult following ?	here is the secret: you do not have to find him funny.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	point in case: i showed her a dance routine on youtube by lestwins which i found wonderfully playful.
Abortion and American values.	so, if we take life through abortion, are not we defying everything americans stand for ?	the fetus may be in a similar situation, sure they have a right to life, but that does not give them the right to use their mother is body to survive.
The effects of mustard gas in warfare.	assume that mustard gas is only used on the battlefield and does not spread to other areas such as civilian areas.	you never know which way the wind will blow.
The importance of promoting gifted education.	if we are not promoting gifted education, then we are effectively encouraging mediocrity.	why would this only apply to gifted programs and not regular schools or programs ?.
Living with depression.	and there is clearly no cure for their depression.	depression is tricky as it can alleviate itself without medical intervention.
Discussion on the Acceptability of Eating People.	people are fine chowing down on a slab of cow but eating an autistic kid is very socially unacceptable.	are you arguing that eating people should be  socially acceptable , or are you arguing that eating people is  morally acceptable  ? those are two very different claims and require two very different counter arguments.
Morality and belief in God.	without a god there is no reason not rape and murder.	if god rewards people arbitrarily then seeking out those rewards is morally good, even if the actions that  amerit  them are ridiculous or appear evil.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	in fact, students with passion for subjects usually do significantly better in those subjects.
Anonymous online behavior and its consequences.	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	i disagree.
Disadvantages of Reading and Editing on Electronic Devices.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	i am just not productive on anything other then a laptop with separate keyboard or on a desktop.
Gender and racial categories in sports.	i think if sports are broken up into male/female categories for fairness then sports should also be broken up into racial categories for fairness.	the king of the mile is from morocco URL most of the female record holders are white.
Inconsistencies in the Marvel Universe.	concepts such as rampant mutantphobia, the construction of sentinels, apocalypse, the sh iar, etc are never addressed in, say, captain america.	it is just a function of storytelling.
The impact of vegetarianism on the food industry.	to speak realistically about the world: a small percentage of newfound vegetarians does not impact the specific industry nor the whole picture all together.	again, many of us avoid using products that are tested on animals most products that are tested on animals only serve our most trivial interests and have tried and true, cruelty free alternatives; admittedly, the good may outweigh the bad when it comes to some medical testing, but cosmetic testing is entirely unnecessary.
Personal boundaries and respect for privacy.	but even more importantly, i could not care less if she slept with every guy in seattle.	no, it is you who is demonstrating that you think her behavior is decent, which speaks volumes about your values.
Becoming a Military Doctor and Paying for Medical School.	my plan was to graduate college and join the ushs the military medical school and become and army doctor. i am also poor and medical school in the military from what i understand pays for smart kids.	neurosurgery is already competitive, and the military is neurosurgery residencies are extremely limited.
Ethics in Criminal Justice and Healthcare Professions	an unjust action by a police officer can take years to sort out in court/jail, just as an unethical decision by a nurse can be life threatening.	the difference is that police officers wield firearms with the capacity to maim and kill.
Leadership and National Priorities.	to be successful at this, a government needs to keep a focus on the nation first, then the people, and only then any other nations or peoples.	they will drive talent from their immediate sphere, replacing it with yes men and people who lack the capacity to tell them they are about to fuck up.
False accusation of rape.	if someone accuses a person of something as serious as rape, that person is life is now turned upside.	he was not known as a rapist by the general public until this year.
Asian fetishization in pornography.	the thing i am talking about is mostly sexual/regarding sexual attraction.	whether or not a certain area of the porn industry objectifies women does not have any bearing on whether or not someone is  justified  in having an attraction towards a certain race.
Gender and racial categories in sports.	i think if sports are broken up into male/female categories for fairness then sports should also be broken up into racial categories for fairness.	i think the only reason they are currently separated is sexism, or at least traditionalism born from a sexist era.
Islamophobia and Racism Debate.	however, sociologists consider islamophobia to be a type of racism, despite islam not being a race.	the term  race  itself is neither well defined nor without controversy.
Definition of true peace.	i personally think true peace is the time when humans as a whole understand each other.	when homosexuals are not hated because  they are different , or religious people are not hated because  they are dangerous , or any of the on going stereotypes to be honest.
Selling products using personal songs and art.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	not every commercial is there to sell a product.
Changing last name for practicality and tradition.	well obviously, you are making an assumtion that your family name is more important than theirs.	i am bringing my resources to the table, and she changed her name as a symbolic gesture.
Cultural Appropriation in Hip Hop Music.	white guys and chicks are all listening to hip hop,slurring their words, putting on a blacker accent and using more black words like  ratchet  or  twerk .	you also say that the word nigger used amongst friends is fine.
Criticism of LGBTQ+ movement's focus on semantics.	because in my most humble opinion, the movement is running itself into the ground with semantics.	even if this is all semantics, i do not see how the movement is  running itself into the ground.
The Purpose and Design of Tests.	i think the purpose of a test is to approximate your ability to understand the material that test is over.	it is also important to be able to determine how well you are doing throughout a course.
Inequality and its impacts on society.	why should i care if someone else is making more money than i am ?	would not you start to care if you are working full time but paid an amount that wo not cover the rent ? is there a reason for equality if you are forced choose between food or the electricity bill ? do you not feel something when your child needs medication and you simply do not have the money ? it is easy to say if you  have  a job.
Lack of Mass Protest and Government Suppression of Basic Rights	american people would never rise up in a mass protest and defend their rights and freedoms.	your average american might not protest wiretapping, for example, but there is no obvious obstruction of their freedom.
Scottish referendum and UK's lack of involvement.	the current referendum was approved by the scottish parliament.	i think it is justified that only scottish people get to vote in the referendum since the outcome will affect  scotland the most.
Gender and Sexuality.	well, my husband takes pride in his appearance and is pretty metrosexual but no one would consider him queer.	allies, sure, but not queer.
Benefits of paying off small debts.	paying off a small debt instantly  adds  to your emergency fund.	normally if you are paying off debt you should have a fixed amount per month going to paying off debt, so that $/month is not really  back  until all your debt is paid off.
Contradiction in treatment of mutants in Marvel Universe.	at the moment, there is a weird contradiction where mutants are supposed to be  hated and feared  by everyone, but there are tons of other superheroes who seem exactly like mutants spider man, for example who do not ever worry about stuff like that.	the construction of the sentinels was a top secret project so for the most part only mutants would be dealing with them and generally the storyline in which they show up tends to end up with them being destroyed pretty thoroughly and as such there is not much for captain america to deal with in addition to him not really having any power to stop the government from producing them see civil war.
Reasons for having a suspended driver's license.	the reason is, an offence to have your licence suspended is pretty big in the original instance.	so, you could argue that in these cases for the record: i had a suspended license for all of one day that time; i had not filed the paperwork and it took a day to go through.
Complexity of the American Legal System	i am not a fan of extreme simplification, but i think the american legal system has gotten out of hand in complexity.	i am not sure i understand your point is it that there are too many laws or that they are difficult to understand ? i do not think that the ability to memorize a law or set of laws is a good measure of how understandable a law is.
Feasibility of a classless society and job distribution.	proponents of a classless society: how do you realistically see the society functioning so that the  hard  jobs are not all vacant ?	being a doctor would still carry a lot of social prestige and respect: even without the large income.
Scotland's potential independence and its impact on the UK's military.	well, first of all, the uk, currently the fourth largest military power in the world and a country that has a permanent seat on the un security council would be decimated in its strength.	i would argue that the west can quite safely scale down, or at least transition their militaries to assymetric warfare doctrines without risking their military hegemony.
The social effects of identifying as a gamer.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	they seem disconnected from many aspects of social life and also seem quick to prove that they are smarter than the person with whom they are speaking.
Speeding on the highway and its consequences.	just about everyone ignores the speed limit, and there really have not been any big problems caused by this.	according to the nsc, , lives are lost every year to speeding, so if that is not a big problem then i do not know what is.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	as you get up to the space, swing left in a nice, fluid motion.
Refugee right of return and possible solutions.	I don't think refugees have the right of return.	i personally think a one state solution is better.
The discomfort of oral sex.	giving head is trading your discomfort for your lover is pleasure.	i do not think that because you do x, you should be okay with doing y , so it is not like oral sex is always some benign thing that you should be willing to do because you do other, more  iserious  things.
Debate on whether inmates should receive free liver transplants.	however i see no reason for an inmate, most of which are former drug and alcohol abusers to perhaps receive a new liver, free of charge.	depends on the crime and your background, and this is also considered in organ transplants.
Bandwidth usage and incentives for streaming sites.	netflix and major bandwidth sites do not have much of an incentive to lower their bandwidth because of all this.	so yes, netflix or youtube have an incentive to lower their bandwidth usage, because it is not free.
Homelessness and American Politics.	just like in the us, warmer places have more homelessness, colder places do not.	better accessible mental healthcare brings homelessness down.
Gender pay equality.	i seriously believe that men and women probably make a very similar number; a number so similar that there are no grounds for advocating either gender needs more pay.	i have not read the studies, so i ca not really change your view about this.
The nature of gods and their evolution over time.	gods are just humans who have had a good million or so years to evolve.	you ca not redefine god to fit your argument.
Misconceptions about Bitcoin's use in drug trafficking.	one of the biggest users of bitcoin was silk road, the drug trafficking organization in the us.	if this was not the case, then the file that contained ross ulbrict is bitcoins would not have been incriminating that he is the leader of the site.
Concerns about mixed-gender bathrooms.	there are already unisex and family bathrooms some places that are used with no complaint.	a lot of women feel the same way.
Nationalities and their corresponding names in English.	polish people are poles, scottish people are scots, british people are brits, arabic people are arabs, turkish people are turks, jewish people are jews, czechoslovakian people are czechs, slavic people are slavs swedish people are swedes, mongolian people are mongols.	do you call chinese people chins ? do you call vietnamese people viets ? if you studying a language in general you must realize that langues are just a collection of sounds.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	this is possible, yes, but many people still have the passion.
Recognition for sobriety versus problem-solving accomplishments.	some people stay sober their entire lives, and are never given accolades or congratulations.	you have not explained why that would be a reasonable baseline, and you ca not because it is a completely arbitrary value judgment.
Lack of interest in local politics and voting.	why would i want to give my vote to another ?	if i had somebody i trust vote on my behalf, that means my vote is not cast blindly nor is it lost by not voting at all.
Survival ethics in times of scarcity.	if a harvest was projected to be lean, infants would be regularly left to die so that their small villages would have enough food to go around.	URL even the neaderthal did not do this: URL  the infirm, the crippled and particularly the mentally feeble both the violently insane and those with reduced mental capacity are killed in the name of mercy.
The ethics of piracy and its impact on producers.	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	no it does not.
Benefits of being overweight in social interactions.	i have found being overweight allows me to more quickly understand another person i am interacting with.	this to me reeks of confirmation bias and retroactive rationalization.
Morality vs. Power in a Country's Strategy.	i believe x now has a strategic advantage over y because while y is concerned with morality, x is concerned more earthly things, like conquest.	the latter is easy, just wait for the old cons to die and hope that they did not spawn more cons.
Snoop Dogg criticizing a young rapper's skills.	now snoop is one of the few active og, why the fuck is he gonna go diss a young rapper ?	he should release a beef song.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	this and this private property is a social construct,  therefore  i respect it because it was constructed by  my  society, by my  bros , by the people i am loyal to and have each others backs, because this is how we live, by these rules, and those who do not accept them are guilty of being disloyalty.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	it sounds valid from a distance, but it is somewhat narrow.
The joy of getting married in a simple way.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	sometimes you have to make it big so that everyone can attend who wants to.
The right to privacy and surveillance.	to me, essentially there is no right to privacy in itself, just right to private thoughts, free actions, and private property which surveillance would not and does not change.	it is a secret court that is overseen by secret judges applying secret warrants.
The importance of secrets and thoughts in people's lives.	i personally have sworn off secrets in my life, but i know many people do not want to.	and the us government sure as hell does not have my trust.
Gymnastics requires mastery of precision and form.	though other sports include the use of precision and form as well, gymnastics requires one to master these skills.	/e   also, unlike so many sports, gymnastics requires a very high level of mental toughness, even over physical ability.
Poor quality of debate among friends can harm relationships.	the quality of the debate you have with your friends at a dinner table is likely to be much, much poorer than a debate by experts.	if you have civil discussion, the relationship wo not be harmed in any way.
Musical Instruments and Techniques	singing is simply a muscular contraction, you train your vocal chords to output a certain pitch and timbre.	watch a live performance of faith no more and tell me that mike is not working just as hard as the instrumentalists.
Kant's Categorical Imperative and Atomicity in Actions.	but none of the maxims address the atomicity of the action why must not apply the categorical imperative to the action of telling a murderer where the children are ?	for kant, the process goes like this: consider an action, ponder the relevant maxim, apply the maxim, do the corresponding thing.
Abstraction in Communication	any form of communication with at least one layer of abstraction.	the teacher caught him, but thought it was poetry.
Benefits of waiting to buy video games.	games do not need to be bought on release.	if i want to buy a new release, that is my prerogative.
Societal impact of a person's death.	but really, what does society lose from the death of that person ?	people should not be gunned down in the streets for thievery, we do not live in the judge dredd universe.
Disabling Ads and Payment Methods.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	if your content is hidden behind so many layers of ads, then i should not encounter it organically browsing the web  in the first place.
Pharmacies and Vaccinations.	the shot is a big way for the pharmacies to make their money from a virus that is not even relevant.	basically, my argument is that fear is the only thing making people get vaccines, and the government and pharmacies use this fear to make money of shots.
Foreign policy and government services in the US.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	the us navy conducts training exercises every year in south east asia URL this is, for many of their countries, their only direct interactions with americans.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	even systems of government ultimately exist to centralize authority and control people, often to the betterment of society.
Limitations of Concluding Life on Unsampled Galaxies.	or if we had an example from the nearest star with planets, we could conclude that probably every star with planets evolves life.	but it is a probabilistic argument, and we definitely can estimate the probability fairly well as p life on other worlds , which does contradict your stated view.
Coursework procrastination and monitoring.	some students see the deadline of the coursework and decide to start doing the coursework on that day.	that is up to them to figure out.
Misconceptions about Bitcoin's use in drug trafficking.	one of the biggest users of bitcoin was silk road, the drug trafficking organization in the us.	stop saying bitcoin is mostly used for drugs.
Job market and wages in China.	the competition is extremely high for all kinds of jobs hence why salaries are pressed down, especially for entry level positions.	so you have  years of experience as a baker, which only  of the population has.
The Definition of Sports and Extracurricular Activities.	now, for some reason, there has been a strange push in the last decade or so to define just about any and all extracurricular activities as sports, especially in high schools.	most cheerleading  coaches  are not licensed by any professional organization they are just  faculty advisors  or  sponsors  who oversee the activity.
Challenges of having a national language for government documents.	a national language helps bind national unity.	this is either an appeal to tradition, or an appeal to authority, but either way it does not illustrate any reality based tangible benefit.
Responsibility for persecution of atheists.	also, anyone who, for whatever reason, is persecuted for being atheist is at least partly responsible for their own persecution.	i agreed with you at first, but have to take huge exception to your second paragraph.
Body positivity and weight acceptance.	there is a lot going around the internet in regards to people being comfortable with their weight.	eat healthier.
Disabling website ads and content payment.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	if it is not enough, then they should think about different business models.
US as a Counter to Tyranny	thus, the us remains the best counter to tyranny in the world.	the us does whatever is in their best interest.
Balancing punishment for consensual adult actions.	rather than attempting to punish an adult for something that was done consensually.	do you really believe that a significant number of men get arrested every year for a genuine and earnest mistake ? meanwhile, practically every person tried for statutory rape will use the  she lied about her age  defense if it is available to them.
Comparison of difficulty between rapping and playing instruments.	as someone who has played different musical instruments and rapped, i think rapping at an elementary level was always much easier than playing an instrument.	this is what i have found most people sound like when they try to rap URL meanwhile, it turns out that humans are naturally good at singing in chorus URL   because you can be a terrible rapper and still sell a ton of records and actually be considered great at what you do, and that does not apply to other forms of music.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Democracy Progression	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	china has been slowly liberalizing for the past  years already.
Police aggression and abuse of power in America.	increasingly over the last decade the police in america have become more and more aggressive and abusive of their powers.	who does  they  refer to ? are you claiming that  all  cops are abusive of their power ? or that just some are ? and if it is just some, what proportion ? if it is a negligible proportion, meanwhile the vast majority of police officers are doing their jobs and arresting those who break the law without committing unnecessary acts of violence, then i would argue that the general statement  fuck the police  is unwarranted.
Advantages of digital clocks	digital clocks are better since its faster to read the minutes as a number.	why ? analog clocks have an ability that digital clocks lack.
Separation of Church and State	the modern state is more powerful and overbearing than any institution that has ever existed in human history.	in a representative democracy there is literally no distinction to be made between the state and the people.
Useless college majors.	you will constantly receive disdain from the people around you for doing a purportedly  useless  major.	it literally becomes one line on your resume, if that.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	people in protected classes are  still  hassled and persecuted privately.
Public transportation coverage during off-peak hours.	questionable coverage at other than peak commute times.	i do not need a ride at  am on a thursday.
Super Smash Bros Melee character lineup nostalgia	what was great about super smash bros, and why melee remains my most played video game of all time, was largely because the lineup was almost solely made up of iconic characters.	heck, even the first super smash had captain falcon, ness, and jigglypuff.
Monogamy and Sexual Desires.	monogamy by definition restricts a person from fulfilling sexual desires outside their relationship.	intimacy is more than just sex.
The relationship between crime and social issues.	i think we should take the view that crime is a signal of distress.	all cause crime to happen.
Morality vs. Power in a Country's Strategy.	i believe x now has a strategic advantage over y because while y is concerned with morality, x is concerned more earthly things, like conquest.	obviously saudi arabia does not have the cultural leverage you claim it does.
Eating meat and ethical considerations.	you may as well either go back to eating meat, or go all the way and become vegan.	i know a few  vegetarians  who do eat dairy, but only organic from ethically raised animals.
Categorization of beliefs and behavior.	however, by my understand of the definitions, a person must fall into one of the two categories either in their professed beliefs or by their behavior.	my views are closer to that of the agnostic theist than the gnostic atheist.
Human rights as social constructs and their limitations.	i believe all rights given to any human are social constructs, produced by society from moral structures determined by a multitude of factors.	there is no natural human rights, so the social construct of that society is all that there is.
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	so we are really comparing rapists and men in general to a group of predator animals that have little cognitive ability and definitely no moral reprehensions ? and her penchant for dressing in a way that will make your eyes pop out.
Monogamy and Sexual Attraction.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	note that i am specifying an exclusive relationship.
Religious freedom and constitutional limits.	the laws seem to favor one religious view over another, which is unconstitutional.	there  has  to be some sort of limit, otherwise the entire country could become one giant family.
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	if i buy a house, and then the market crashes, did i consent to losing a bunch of money ? i of course knew it was  possible , but i very reasonably believed that it was an event of negligible probability.
Spanking as a consequence for young children's actions.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	spanking sends too broad of a message.
Inaccuracies in the Gregorian calendar.	there are no good reason to have any of the inconsistencies that the gregorian calendar currently has.	the year is not actually 365 days long.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	for example, the mere creation of an ipad does not drive economic development, it is the consumerism of desire for a non essential object that drives the growth of the market.
Definition of Altruism	the bigger the sacrifice, the more generous the person.	the minute one is sacrifice to generous ratio becomes public, he/she may receive reward and/or recognition.
The Value of Time and Effort Over Monetary Gifts.	i also add that i personally value the gift of time and effort above most monetary gifts because that is something that everyone values about the same.	any amount that person donates will take away money from somebody the donator cares about.
Concerns about social division with BYOD in schools.	my biggest concern with byod in schools is increased social division.	there are websites designed for students where they can catch up on lectures, turn in homework or chat with other classmates.
One state solution and its impact on Israel's future.	in the one state solution, palestinians, would have a  right to vote  on israeli policies.	in the two state solution, israel would have to treat a palestine, as a country, with sovereignty.
Quality of displayed food.	the food shown, looks to be healthy but of incredibly low quality.	why does salad cost more than a big mac ? URL american culture also seems to somewhat accept fast food as healthy.
Monogamy and ethical considerations in relationships.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	if there is ever any ambiguity over whether or not something is cheating, then you talk to them before assuming.
Challenges in discussing social justice and oppression.	why ca not we have a deeper discussion in society about issues of social justice that does not always end in a competition of whose more oppressed by the mythical white male oppressor rapists.	nobody is telling you that you must feel oppressed or feel privileged either.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	i find a problem with this.
Gun ownership as a solution to women's self-defense disadvantage.	on average, women are less capable at defending against a physical attack than their male counterparts.	it is not like a physical confrontation is supposed to be a fair fight.
The Benefits and Limitations of Cruises	i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, you should go on a cruise.	some people fly a lot for work, and have a ton of frequent flier miles they can use, basically making their travel via air free, and might also have hotel rewards points or similar greatly reducing the cost of their accomodations.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	your first point, without proper evaluation of students imo, has already written of a huge number of potential bright students and left them to a decade or more of education where they will forever be unchallenged.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	rarely is a strip something that elicits even a smile, let alone some sort of profound emotion.
Misunderstanding of Peer Review	because of this, we waste millions chasing after results a simple bit of peer review could have definitively ruled out for a fraction of the cost.	this is a problem that is a lot more complex than over funding of novel research.
The importance of policy and politics.	neither of these reasons have dick to do with policy.	that tax you paid on gum when you were  ? came from the government.
Comparison of drug use and video game playing.	i believe that drug use does not imply anything more negative about a person than playing video games does, cmv.	but taking heroin can almost never be good for your health, and taking it regularly will almost certainly shorten your life.
Police protection gear	police can wear teflon vests and other armor to protect themselves.	add to this the fact that most engagements take place within  yards.
Gender Stereotyping and Gender Identity.	through traditional stereotypes of masculinity and femininity, gender creates a categorization of behaviors, qualities, and images as belonging either to men or women.	both chemicals exist in every person, and while men and women usually have more testosterone and estrogen respectively than the other chemical, that is not always the case, and the exact ratio varies from person to person.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	in general, nobody is accusing  all  men, so saying  not  all  men  is unnecessary and derailing.
Wealth and happiness	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	are you going to get an mba ? make friends with a lot of business people ? do you know how corporate ladders are climbed ? it is not just by being good at biochemistry.
The Israeli-Palestinian conflict and potential solutions.	until israel endorses either a one state solution, or a two state solution, the israel government is, at best, disingenuous.	i believe that in order to maintain a jewish state with at least some semblance of secular democracy they must support a two state solution while indeed establishing new  facts on the ground  that will inevitably result in driving or wiping out palestinians in gaza and the west bank.
Learning from reality TV shows.	lessons of trust, betrayal the art of deception can be learned from shows such as big brother and survivor.	you say  the art of deception  can be taught.
Behavior and Genetics	maybe his genes influenced him, but that does not mean he is incapable of choosing his own actions.	read about group selection, kin selection, and the  gay uncle  hypothesis.
Political spectrum and movements.	a fascist with a libertarian, both are apparently right wing.	libertarianism is a response to a variety of left wing movements over the past decades.
Lack of innovation in long-lived game franchises.	cod does not really have anything astoundingly different from other games of the same genre.	you will always have people who criticize new releases for either being to similar to games of past or get criticized for being so different that it is no longer a true member of the franchise.
Grading and Approaches in Math, Science, and Humanities Courses.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	in fact, one very simple tactic is to argue the answers against each other in humanities courses the one you can argue for best is the right answer.
Monogamy and Sexual Attraction.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	again, wanting to do something is not the same as acting on it.
Preventing teen pregnancies and dropouts.	we could spend more time teaching safe sex and avoiding teen pregnancies, which lead to drop outs.	you can get std is from oral, anal, piv, and even genital rubbing.
Marijuana use as a moral turpitude offense.	the several times he has used drugs marijuana counts as a multiple moral turpitude offense, which generally is considered against standards of  contrary to community standards of justice, honesty or good morals.	guess what ? justin bieber is deported from america for drug use ? kicks off a world tour of everywhere but the us, starting in amsterdam.
Morality of the Death Penalty	i think that what we call  amoral  is a huge misnomer;  amoral  is just a social contract we agree upon for the sake of ourselves and our society, rather than intrinsic right and wrong.	that does not mean morality does not exist.
The importance of informed decision-making and avoiding indecision.	as one can make the most informed decision with all information and research that is available, why be rash.	taking your time to decide which class you want to take is not always practical when there are limited slots and you are not in a position to pick what you want.
Consistency of devices in schools.	secondly, lack of consistency with students  devices would cause confusion.	i disagree for simply this reason: many of the current technological devices have the same features.
Domestic Violence and Forgiveness	would the man get called out on being wrong and weak for forgiving him ?	this helps the victim rationalize even further, and makes them more willing to forgive and forget.
Racism and Reclaiming the Word "Nigger"	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	go read a history book and you will find just how badly black people were treated.
Inclusion of LGBTQ+ Relationships in School Curriculum	i do not want to sound like a douche, but we do live in a hetero normative society.	we always have lgbtq community around, but i think it is a choice that young people can make when they begin having sex.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	this will only continue to increase.
Feminist group's name choice.	i am all for that, but as feminists, why choose a name that now singles out women ?	because sex based problems, as they currently stand, overwhelmingly target women.
Civilian casualties in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.	israel cannot justify the massive civilian death toll as countering the palestinian resistance is measures of last resort.	that is more because of the strong defences of israel, not because of any lack of intention to kill from palestine.
Harmful effects of introducing substance to developing children.	one reason is that you are introducing your child to a potentially harmful substance, linked to both liver and brain damage, at a time when their body and brain are still developing and are especially susceptible to damage.	light alcohol consumption has been objectively linked to decreased risk of heart disease.
Consent and Birth Conditions.	apparently, i consented to these conditions by being born.	you agree that taxes serve a purpose, and you agree with part of this purpose.
Polygamy and Women's Rights in Past Societies	the end result as with most polygamous societies in the past is a small number of elite men hoarding all the women.	if you recognize that some forms of polygamy are taboo and wo not happen much even if legalized, then why is it that you think the basic, taboo form of polygamy would become rampant the moment it is legalized ? it does not add up.
Benefits of Exam Structure in College Courses.	some students already know all the material and are taking the course only for formality reasons.	they eventually have a better comprehension of the material and cheating is also lower in the class.
Behavioral expectations in public settings.	but when i am in the office, or on the street, or in a store, or around a stranger that i do not know i will act with decorum and respect because that is what civilized adult human beings do.	first of all, there are plenty of  civilized adult human beings  that do  not  do this.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	there is also a lot of pressure from family and friends to invite everyone.
Government regulation on family size.	i have never understood how the government can justify legislation on how many people you can legally have in your family.	now we have to decide on an appropriate limit.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	assuming those exist not a crazy assumption since nothing we know says that cannot exist , why would god create those things ? firstly, if he created this universe for humans, then by all accounts he did a piss poor job of it; the vast vast majority of the universe will kill you within  seconds if you dropped into it naked, and even the parts where it would not be  seconds would likely be a couple of minutes.
Password security and malware infection.	ideally, passwords should not be reused, and a formula should be used to generate unique passwords for each account you have.	i use keepass, and then store the password database on a cloud service.
Clarifying the "not all men are like that" argument.	when someone says  not all men are like that , the correct response is to clarify, or admit to a factual error, and not to accuse the other side of  derailing , or  changing the subject .	i just want to point out that i think it is important for the advocate of the   not all x are like that   argument to interpret the original statement charitably.
Hamas rejection of peace and Israel's retaliation.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	the israel/palestine conflict is a shot for shot remake of the american/indian wars.
Value of art not based on time; art commissions and shows.	in the marketplace, art is value tends not to be based on the amount of time taken to create it.	most art is commissioned, theater has dates, fashion has shows.
Comparison of Racism and Heightism	racism and height ism are both a form of sociopathy, because instead of people, you just see cartoon cutouts based on your prejudices, and that allows you to be horrible to them.	i think you are making the assumption that when someone says  i will only date people who are over   , they are doing it because they dislike short people.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	similar goals: the people on these sites are also looking to meet someone.
Debate on adopting a new calendar.	The world should adopt a new calendar because the old calendar is not scientific	the impracticality one is a big one.
Discussion about mainstream music artists and Nicki Minaj's talent.	say all you want about iggy being talentless and mediocre which can be said about most mainstream popular music artists and performers, what can i say ?	a rapper with skills would write a diss track and release it.
Hamas rejection of peace and Israel's retaliation.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	i am left with the response  just because israel stopped murdering palestinians for two weeks does not clean the blood off their hands.
Artificial Intelligence and its potential consequences.	when we program increasingly complex algorithms that fight each other to death for profit at astonishing rates millions and millions of transactions per second , we start developing self improving algorithms that prey on the weaknesses of other algorithms, what does that sound like ?	that is a fucking primordial soup, but jumpstarted ! thing is, those things will not be  dumb  when they, in their complexity and following of programmed goals,  spawn to their own consciousness , they will not live in our world.
Public's Right to Know about Tony Blair's Promise to Join Iraq War Coalition	as a case in point, on a british panel show called question time a woman said that the public  had the right to know  whether tony blair promised george bush to join the coalition against iraq.	in doing so she avoided having to explain why the public deserved to know such things, and what the parameters of that alleged right were.
Leadership and National Priorities.	to be successful at this, a government needs to keep a focus on the nation first, then the people, and only then any other nations or peoples.	this is not a stable state of affairs even inside countries.
War and soldiers' actions.	if he would fought for the union, the war would have been over much sooner.	the confederacy did not survive for very long.
Choosing to Keep or Change Last Name After Marriage	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	with that said, legit reasons do exist.
Highway speed limits and safety concerns.	the speed limits on most highways just do not make sense.	the economic cost to society of speeding related crashes is estimated by nhtsa to be $ billion per year.
Negative effects of mobile devices and screens on society.	we receive too much bad information through our mobile devices, we are increasingly more obsessed with our screens.	i believe bradbury was more concerned with the  content  people enjoyed through those screens, rather than the screens themselves.
Handling emotional outbursts during a discussion.	the minute someone starts stomping their feet, uncontrollably swearing, crying, running away, or whatever no matter who is right and who is wrong the other is expected to drop their claim.	it does not mean you give up trying to come to a resolution on your point of contention; it just means you need to take a break from discussing it because the other person is overwhelmed at the immediate moment.
The misuse of the word "literally".	the wrong or new definition of literally i am referring to is the opposite;  metaphorically, or figuratively.	merriam webster did a video talking about just this in fact.
Opting out of Social Security and its consequences.	i firmly believe that there should be a law allowing anyone who wishes to opt out of social security to do so.	poor people would opt out because they need the extra cash now and ca not afford to wait.
Conditions for Incestuous Relationships	incest, i will admit, would have to have some conditions.	there is no such danger with same sex marriage.
Resistance to change in technology and media consumption.	saying that videos have to maintain the old ways is borderline curmudgeonly.	that is why it is up to the user to decide, along which axis the higher number of pixels should be used.
Gender-neutral bathrooms and potential concerns.	as trans/queer gendered people are coming out and becoming more accepted, distinguishing between two genders for the bathroom just reinforces a gender binary that could potentially alienate them.	it would be very uncomfortable.
Snoop Dogg criticizing a young rapper's skills.	now snoop is one of the few active og, why the fuck is he gonna go diss a young rapper ?	the rap game is different, but you would know this if you understood the rap game.
Debate on the importance of bodily autonomy.	and somehow  body autonomy  is some concept to be held high.  barf.	now, how could causing malformations be worse than killing, being everything else the same and assuming informed consent from the pregnant woman ? simple: because if the fetus is killed, there is  no person, present or future, whose ba is being harmed.
Spoilers and disinterest in a TV show.	if you do not care about the show, why get all uppity if you now know the ending ?	every scene where they are interpreting clues or questioning people would lose it is suspense.
Disgust sensitivity and violence.	i think liberals feel more disgust over violence and blood for example.	so haidt does have a more balanced scale than you might think.
Advancements in public health.	from hygiene improvements, to increasing indoor plumbing, to funding research programs into vaccines and future medicines.	ebola cannot be spread unless you are symptomatic and by the time you are symptomatic, you are pretty much vomiting blood, so sick you cannot get out of bed or a walking corpse.
Individual responsibility in society.	however, society/life does nothing for x individual unless x does something first.	since most people have a will to live, the alternative to people working in order to be granted the necessities of survival as well as the luxuries many of us are familiar with is for society to simply grant these resources to us.
Contradiction in treatment of mutants in Marvel Universe.	at the moment, there is a weird contradiction where mutants are supposed to be  hated and feared  by everyone, but there are tons of other superheroes who seem exactly like mutants spider man, for example who do not ever worry about stuff like that.	the basic structure of the entire marvel universe is that every individual title is events are mostly contained to that title while being possibly referenced in other titles, maybe with the exception of cross over events.
Justification for Higher Insurance Premiums Based on Profit Margin	how is insurance companies  need to make a profit a defensible claim for higher premium ?	it is perfectly justifiable to use statistics to charge more money.
Pronunciation and Nationalism.	i am aware i am in a particular country that speaks english a certain way, but to completely discount alternate and, in many cases, the original pronunciation as  wrong  seems nationalistic at best and conceited at worst.	furthermore, this is a simplification: there are many commingled offshoots making up each of those dialects.
Gender equality and violence.	when the person happens to be a man, he  apparently deserves to be beaten . but if the person is a woman  no one should lay a hand on her  ?	this is what he means when when he references a double standard and that no such privilege should exist.
Artistic integrity and commercialism in the music industry.	the art is no longer as genuine.	how is the song less genuine to you in this situation ? if you found out about the commercial, would it then affect the genuineness of the song ? if so, then  authenticity  or genuineness must originate with you, the listener, and not the artist, because the authenticity depends entirely on your knowledge about the song, and not the artist is actual actions.
Personal definition of success and self-reliance.	my idea of success is having a roof over my head, a steady supply of food, one used car, and a way to obtain the small salary, and also to have remaining spending money to entertain myself.	kid, a college degree is  not  a guarantee that what i stated above will not happen, but it is a certificate against people assuming you do not know what the hell you are talking about when it comes to work.
Domestic Violence and Forgiveness	would the man get called out on being wrong and weak for forgiving him ?	nbsp;  the opinion i heard was: if ray rice attacked a man instead, would he get the same reaction and public outrage ? of course not, but that makes sense, and i discarded that opinion quickly, so you are only outraged by gross displays of violence when their directed at women ?  nbsp;  but than the person continued on to say that if he assaulted a man, and the man forgave him, would he still get the same reaction ? the problem with this view is that you are equating  domestic violence  with random violent acts.
Demand and Job Creation.	however, demand is a blunt want, not a constructive force.	demand is a resource.
Investment in Boarding Schools in USA.	investing on such boarding schools is not a big deal for countries like usa.	saying  oh look, we have money to spend on wars but not on the children.
Acknowledging the Existence of Horrible Black People.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	yep, a lot of black people live in poorer areas.
Advancements in Science and Technology.	do not understand how significant scientific discovery has been over the past generations.	i have a pretty good understanding of science, and the leaps and bounds we have made.
Marijuana use as a moral turpitude offense.	the several times he has used drugs marijuana counts as a multiple moral turpitude offense, which generally is considered against standards of  contrary to community standards of justice, honesty or good morals.	here is a list for you: URL most states do not even punish marijuana use, let alone enforce it against a high profile celebrity.
NBA's entertainment value vs. offering opportunities for shorter players.	while some, even the majority of, people will always prefer the nbas entertainment value, there is little to be lost by offering the vertically challenged a chance to strut their stuff.	there is lots of money that can be lost ! where are they going to play ? venues are expensive.
Opposition to needless abortions and consequences for lack of responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	this is why abortion is such a debated topic, because you see a fetus as a human being whilst i see it as nothing more than a bundle of cells which would become a human being if i allow it.
Consent and Birth Conditions.	apparently, i consented to these conditions by being born.	if i attempt to leave, i will probably eventually end up being bodily harmed.
Spoilers and their impact on people.	if you do not care about the show, why get all uppity if you now know the ending ?	they were not going to watch it anyway, yet get stuffy about learning it ? i think people like that are really rare.
Feminism and Equality Advocacy.	i feel like we can all advocate for equality without having to blame a certain group or overgeneralize a whole gender.	we have every right to dislike specific actors of feminism, but nobody should feel the right to  dislike feminism  because that comes with the explicit implication that men and women are not equals.
Pros and cons of using one-time keys.	one time keys are nice, because even if you get tricked by a fake login form, or a keylogger, or something, the attacker wo not be able to use the key you gave them.	this does not protect people from phishing.
Automation and State Ownership of Robots.	eventually, all the jobs will theoretically be gone, then all of the robots need to be owned by the state, otherwise the majority of the populace become nothing more than the property of those that own the robots.	i do not think that is going to change.
Inefficiency of Government Spending and Vouchers.	from the government is perspective, money is also being spent inefficiently.	vouchers and stamps do not solve this problem because people can sell the vouchers and stamps for cash at a loss.
Representation of LGBTQ and minority groups in media.	we do live in a hetero normative society.	we could certainly use more messages of acceptance and that challenge traditional gender roles, but you cant win at the all inclusive media game, someone will always be left out or offended by how some group is portrayed and then were just back to square one.
Atheism and Religion Beliefs.	i just ca not imagine a scenario where i say nothing then someone else says something about their religion or some analogy and i say  oh i guess you are right then, your religion here is real .	the fact that atheism takes a stance on the non existence of god means that you ca not simply say  i do not care  and be done with it.
Categorization and Evolution of LGBTQIA+ Terminology.	for all the talk of social construction of gender, there seems to be a lot of focus on categorizing every single ways one can identify, lgtb has evolved into lgtbqia .	with more realizations as to the extent of variation in the human population, previously simple acronyms have become bloated in an attempt to not exclude people.
Bicycle riders' rights to use roads.	i want to ride my bicycle here so i am entitled.	cyclists are just following the by laws.
Religious beliefs and intolerance.	are these people delusional, unintelligent, or am i intolerant of other beliefs ?	there is nothing illogical about being a christian.
Achievement and Taking Action	what would  wouldoing my best  achieve that i do not already have ?	but there is nothing wrong with going through life with low expectations.
Vegetarianism and sexual orientation as innate characteristics.	i am a sort of buddhist who believes unless you are stuck in the jungle in a survival of the fittest situation, you have no moral justification to eat meat, cmv.	much of our society is based on survival of the fittest.
Alcohol and its potential consequences.	and the potential consequences of blacking out sound terrifying.	it opened up new friendships, got me out of my shell, and even gave me opportunities with regard to employment.
Resistance to change in technology and media consumption.	saying that videos have to maintain the old ways is borderline curmudgeonly.	vertical pixels, the phone cannot simply flip the input to record in landscape video,  while also  guaranteeing the same maximum resolution.
The quality of comics.	the comic is comedy or sentimental value is also objectively low.	i do not like peanuts either, but my grandparents  love  it.
Distracted driving and communication barriers.	not being able to call for help if their car breaks down.	lip reading or a simple pad of paper can be used for this.
Cost-effectiveness of a program.	the cost of instituting the program is greater than the cost of the few people who actually mooch off the system.	you ca not prove this, and i would suspect the opposite.
Questioning personal choices and safety.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	why does how you dress or where you go make it  less bad  to be raped ? they are not going to rape clubs or wearing clothes to indicate they want to be raped.
Importance of friendship in romantic relationships.	i also believe couples should also be friends.	that is a big part of a relationship.
Parental responsibility and economic impact on child's success.	the children's mistakes are ultimately the parents' mistakes, a child who struggles in earnest or intentionally slacks off is a direct reflection of parenting.	i like your post and i think you have some good ideas, but some things to consider:  with a healthy child, income, neighborhood, peers and teachers should be filtered through a responsible parent s i will just say that a parent in a bad economic situation will probably a have to spend more time working and less time with their child, b live in a shitty neighborhood, and c would not be able to counter any negative social pressure as much.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if i were to drive at the speed limit, i would be a road hazard.	it is the classic  i am the exception to the rule  fallacy.
Gun control and government tyranny.	if there are either no guns or very limited types of guns in the us there can be no effective defense against a tyrannical government.	this is an insanely american centric viewpoint that ignores how the world and countless other countries work.
Limitations of Short-term Charitable Solutions in Africa	many charities focus on providing short term solutions to african problems: eradicating disease, education to citizens on issues of sexuality, etc.	people were broke with manufacturing, their broke without it.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	childbirth, cancer, sudden injury, so on.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	you could argue for the use of solar energy or wind energy, but those take up space to generate.
Race and War.	yet some people ca not get over something as silly as a type of skin color someone has.	have empathy for all people, not just the ones you are comfortable with.
Importance of diplomas in society.	my view is that the purpose of a diploma is to prove you are able to function in a civilized society.	my friend dropped out and started his own business.
Success in a field despite lack of skill or talent.	case in point, eazy e became a famous rapper even touring the white house doing something he was terrible at.	most rap that is played on the radio, and most rap artists making big money, are not very serious or deep.
Scottish independence and cultural identity.	there is no real ethnic or cultural difference between scots and other brits.	the fact that there is a different name for them indicates that the differences are significant enough.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	family is more than names, just ask any adoptive member of a family, or blended families.
The nature of morals and their subjectivity.	i do not think morals actually exist.	as you said, the universe does not care, so nothing that is not objective can be  correct.
The social effects of identifying as a gamer.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	there may be a more foreign feeling to gamers when socially interacting with others, but again i would say that there is a noticeable difference when people who are not commoners of the mmo worlds step foot into the virtual world.
UBI and its potential impact on landlords and bankers.	therefore there will always be a limited supply and landlords and bankers will be in a position to take advantage of the influx of cash now coming in through ubi.	ubi fundamentally redistributes money, not creates it.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	that electron is goal is to reach one end of the universe and then turn around and go to the opposite edge.
Advantages of using vans for moving compared to pickup trucks.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	i often find myself transporting things that while they are not large, are very disgusting and probably should not be in the cab of a car.
Negative impact of British colonization on India and beyond.	in countries like india, the very form of government, transportation system, schooling system, and many other indirect influence have their roots in british colonization.	this means the horrific things that colonization and imperialism did is for a moment taken out of consideration.
Obama's defense of Sony's cyber bullying of Kim Jong Un.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	he can defend himself just fine.
Importance of diplomas in society.	my view is that the purpose of a diploma is to prove you are able to function in a civilized society.	so your whole reasoning is kinda bad.
Misuse of sarcasm as a response to criticism.	i realize that the  so edgy  response if often made half jokingly, which is completely fine.	people get fed up with seeing thee criticisms pop up and dismiss them with throwaway lines.
Federal Income Tax and its Implications.	if you do not pay federal income tax your either a criminal or poor.	i hope you are trolling, nearly half URL of all americans do not pay federal income tax.
Leadership and National Priorities.	to be successful at this, a government needs to keep a focus on the nation first, then the people, and only then any other nations or peoples.	sociopaths in power only function so long as they have some organization they can leach from.
Education system and government's intentions.	the school system needs a lot of revision if people really want the most educated people.	especially in poor schools, education is woefully subpar and kids are churned out with useless diplomas into a workforce wherein they are increasingly irrelevant.
Restaurant guides and their grading process.	that is a lot of power to give to something that ultimately says nothing at all about the restaurant.	michelin and other guides will visit restaurants multiple times with different critics before awarding it a high grade.
The ethics of guaranteeing certain rights for all people.	saying that  being given x is a guaranteed right for all people  is the same as saying that  people can be forced to provide x for someone  which to me seems like a type of morally justified slavery.	specifically that people are property and the hideous abuses that slavery is infamous for, respectively.
Scientific theories and laws.	scientific theories could be tweaked, and interpreted differently, which would not make you wrong, but does make your perception of the theory called into question.	the law of gravity and the theory of gravity exist together; there is no  promotion  from one to the other.
Harmful effects of introducing children to substances.	one reason is that you are introducing your child to a potentially harmful substance, linked to both liver and brain damage, at a time when their body and brain are still developing and are especially susceptible to damage.	would you also argue that parents should not expose their kids to soft drinks, which have been linked to obesity ? how about city air, which, thanks to smog, has been linked to lung cancer ? alcohol is not good for your health, but that does not necessarily mean we should not consume it.
Watching Let's Play vs Buying Video Games	you could easily buy the game yourself, instead of watching somebody making commentary about it.	what if a person is watching the let is play to see how good the game is ? buyer beware seems to be becoming a better and better idea these days.
Dealing with a person's seductive behavior in a professional setting.	one of these people is single, and like to try and seduce other women.	the simplest solution i can see to this is to speak to this person but not make it in any way related to her orientation.
The value of convincing someone that life is worth living.	people should use every means short of restraints to convince someone that life is worth living.	keep in mind that the vast majority of individuals believe that any threat even potential to the happiness/well being of others is a justifiable reason to prevent you from doing whatever activity it is that is causing the threat.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	the main issue with new trek, to my mind, is that we are just re hashing old stories with a twist and not adding much in the way of  new  content to the universe.
The value of time and effort over monetary gifts.	i also add that i personally value the gift of time and effort above most monetary gifts because that is something that everyone values about the same.	both money and time are important but an organization with no money will not last long while one without volunteer hours can survive just fine.
Household chores and responsibilities.	you now would have to do all that shit on your own.	cooking for two takes more time than cooking for one but it does not take twice as much time.
Discussion on the benefits of electric vehicles and tax breaks.	so my viewpoint to summarize is thus: evs are wonderful concepts and should continue to be worked on.	they should not however be mass produced yet.
Perception of police by law-abiding citizens.	for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	if the abuses of cops are never brought to light, there is absolutely no chance that they will be held accountable.
Misrepresentation of Feminism on Social Media	the behavior of some supposed feminists, however, often in online formats such as twitter, is antithetical to feminisms goals, is awful pr, and is simply not okay.	individuals act for themselves unless they are acting in some official capacity.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	then, what do you know ? there is some tariffs and taxes that are restructured, sea countries media spin positive press about the usa, hearts and minds are won.
Requirements for driving and biking on public roads.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	i ride my bike around town all the time and i have rarely, if ever, been in a situation where the lane was so small that, if i rode close to or in the shoulder, i could not be passed by cars.
Importance of Privacy in Society.	i need a logical argument not based on dangerous potential endgames, or a justification for privacy in itself beyond just that  privacy is good .	it about privacy.
Misunderstanding of Peer Review	because of this, we waste millions chasing after results a simple bit of peer review could have definitively ruled out for a fraction of the cost.	peer review means fellow experts in the field look over a paper before letting it go into a journal.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	what you and a lot of other people do not actually realize is that nintendo is not a  video game  company.
Personal growth and sexual experiences.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	so the military did not strictly tell you to go talk to girls, what was so hard about figuring that out though ? if you had asked your peers instead of going to the trp, do you think you would have ever changed ? you are surrounded by a support group who you should feel confident asking questions to.
Capital punishment and ethical concerns.	imagine if someone came into your life, took away someone you held near and dear, causing suffering to you and everyone who knew them.	so, you are already getting what you want here without the furtherance of additional cruelty, which you say is bad.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	an unemployed or underpaid american citizen is one less that a rich person can profit from.
Gun Training and Safety.	training should focus on both the legal framework regarding gun usage and proper shooting technique and gun maintenance.	the second most common type of gun related death is homicide.
Traffic control in the city with tolls.	the road with the highest traffic in my city is the massive interstate leading into the city.	what isps are doing to netflix and other streaming sites are akin to the government the one who manages the roads and traffic charging your destination, whatever it may be, for causing a lot of traffic on a specific road.
Scottish independence and national debt.	an argument i have heard is that if uk are not willing to share the , then scotland is under no moral obligation to pay back the debts.	if scotland is responsible for its share of the uk is debts, it is also entitled to its share of the uk is assets ranging from the  to military bases.
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	only way it might work is that the agreement is made between the woman and god ? in which case you need to prove god exists and that in  all  religious belief systems abortion is always wrong under all circumstances.
The nature of amoral behavior and social contracts.	and what we think is  amoral  is actually just a social contract.	but then, is not the death sentence just another murder ? why is it not wrong ? people are divided on it.
Education system and government's intentions.	the school system needs a lot of revision if people really want the most educated people.	my argument is that the system  is not  trying to create an educated populace; it is trying to create automatons.
Misinformation about suicide.	these kinds of posts are easy to fake for attention.	how exactly do you read so many peoples minds ? and are you going to offer to pay for $ $ a session for everyone who is suicidal ? i am glad you get all of your medical expenses paid, but i certainly do not.
Inclusion of "i" in LGBTQ+ acronym.	first, some people fear that adding the  i  would give the wrong impression that all or most intersex people are lesbian, gay, bisexual, and/ or transgender.	i would like to respond to your post from the perspective of a cisgender gay man.
Suicide and Responsibility for Dependents	if you have committed no crimes against someone else, nor infringed upon their rights, society has no right to stop you from taking your own life if that is what you so choose.	should those patients be allowed to commit suicide even if they are simply delusional ? let is say they believe they can fly so they jump from the window, or they believe they are in the matrix and so they start drink liquid metal or something.
Misunderstanding about desktop and computer relationship.	my desktop contains my computer, which contains my hard drive, which contains my profile, which contains my desktop.	the desktop is simply a build in option to make the process more intuitive for those used to traditional desks.
Importance of intimacy in sexual relationships.	sex is a very powerful action that does not necessarily have to be used for conception every time, but should only be used between two very close people.	why do they have to be very close ? why ? i mean, it certainly tends leads to great, meaningful, and fulfilling sex.
Financial stability and selling out.	when you obviously have enough to be financially stable, everything after that is pure greed and no matter how great your work was in the past, the fact that you have lost your values undermines it.	i do not know what your definition of sellout is.
Criticism of computer-edited music genres.	also, the computer fixed vocals and edited instruments just does not make these people any more like able.	no matter how much you tell me to, i will never ever like screamo music because it is just not my thing.
Validity of gender identities and expressions.	i believe all of these expressions are made up by people who want to feel different and special.	my sister is biologically intersex and trust me, she is not doing it because she wants to feel  different and special.
Economic Benefits of Increasing Population.	explain to me why the average person benefits from an increasing population like many economists say ?	this is just basic economic theory.
Leadership and Sociopathy.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	this is not a stable state of affairs even inside countries.
Benefits of Appointing Active Bystanders in Schools	active bystanders also remove much of the burden from the school.	when schools essentially appoint everyone as a militia against bullying, it rids itself of much of the duty to detect bullying as it happens.
City's policy on transportation balance.	the other argument is that the city is gouging drivers.	not to mention one can be very active and be overweight.
The Value of Time and Effort Over Monetary Gifts.	i also add that i personally value the gift of time and effort above most monetary gifts because that is something that everyone values about the same.	if excess wealth is so meaningless and valueless to a wealthy person as you say, then  time  is what that person will value more.
Complexity of the American Legal System	i am not a fan of extreme simplification, but i think the american legal system has gotten out of hand in complexity.	one of my favorite examples URL is about vehicles.
Intellectual Property Rights and Cultural Differences.	however, patents and copyright are not  property  in the sense that cars are.	why should society be compelled to honor and abide by the transfer of physical property but not intellectual property ? treating land as property creates dangerous entities like land barons who do not create anything but merely hoard untold thousands of acres as speculative investments precluding any number of more productive uses by the community etc.
The pursuit of happiness.	if i surpass any previous accomplishment by any other human, or spend all my days watching spanish soap operas and eating chips i do not speak spanish , the end result is the same: oblivion.	that is the point of life.
Definition of terrorism.	but as the years go by the word is being more and more loosely defined.	it is shorthand for  preventing terrorist acts , and easier than saying,  the war on al queda, al shabab, the kkk, hamas, and every other group that wants to commit terrorist acts.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	you and you alone are responsible for how you will be perceived by others.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	the  not all men  criticism is not criticizing the  fact  that not all men are violent or rapists.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	but  they are not.
"Piracy in the Music Industry"	the music industry has brought piracy on itself.	there is a line between  inspiration  and  plagiarism  that you have crossed.
Islamophobia and Racism Debate.	however, sociologists consider islamophobia to be a type of racism, despite islam not being a race.	racism  means treating different races differently.
Gradation of punishment based on BAC level.	we need a gradation of punishment, where the punishment is worse the higher your bac.	a basic principle of justice is that the punishment must fit the crime.
Vegetarianism and Animal Rights	the way we treat all animals are simply ignored by vegetarians.	they are utilized by humans in such ways that achieves us the most comfortable life possible.
Limitations of Mathematics in Producing New Knowledge and Truth.	descriptions in mathematics are less ambiguous, more strictly logical, and lead to greater insights than descriptions in english or any other language.	wat ? philosophers are confined to defining things intuitively ? how so ? is there some scale of  how much has this done to revolutionize our understanding of truth  that i am not aware of ? at best, this is a criticism of certain branches of philosophy, but not decision theory, logic etc.
Gender and racial categories in sports.	i think if sports are broken up into male/female categories for fairness then sports should also be broken up into racial categories for fairness.	the best runners on earth are neither black nor white, they are native americans URL and they live in mexico.
Artists selling their art.	even established actors or comedians should not be doing commercials.	advertisements do nothing for society but promote consumerism, and by letting a company use your music to achieve that, you are just as bad as them.
Sexual orientation and dating preferences.	if you happen to go more for women than men, that would still render you bi.	there was a frequent somewhat tongue in cheek statement among the fandom that  real men watch ponies , and to an extent they meant it: they integrated that stereotypically feminine activity as part of their own personal masculine expression.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	in fact, china is both liberalizing, and advancing.
Vegetarianism and Animal Rights	the way we treat all animals are simply ignored by vegetarians.	you ca not really be cruel to something that does not experience life.
Job opportunities for bachelor's vs master's degree holders.	i feel like a lot of jobs are given to gifted soon to be bachelors students who are just desperately waiting for paid internships to put on their application.	and you are complaining about starting at almost double the federal minimum wage.
Tipping servers and minimum wage.	serving food to customers is part of the server is job description and i am not required to tip other minimum wage workers following their job descriptions for providing their time and service.	in an ideal situation, law requires that if servers do not get enough tips on top of their base $/hr or similar pay to put them over min wage that the restaurant has to pay them the difference.
***Employer's view on a certain topic.	i am still confused as to why an employer would care ?	it intimidates members of the public, it looks gang related.
Overcoming shyness and social anxiety.	in a similar manner all the people have to make some sort of effort to leave the comfort zone in order to know strangers.	these reactions are not caused by them rationalizing not doing a  non shy  act because of laziness or lack of energy.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	it keeps me engaged inside a production environment at which the producer is an expert.
Vegetarianism and Animal Rights	the way we treat all animals are simply ignored by vegetarians.	plants are not sentient, they do not feel pain or pleasure nor do have emotions.
Debate on the Harmlessness of Santa Claus	santa is harmless and all those claiming that the idea that he is harmful are being oversensitive.	let is leave this aside for the moment   let me try to  change your view  by us finding some middle ground.
Compensation for police officers.	due to their scarcity, cops will eventually lead to higher compensations to incentivize the fields.	on the other hand, for anything more complex it turns out the biggest motivates are autonomy, the ability to improve skills used, and a sense of purpose.
Religion and its impact on society.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	regardless of your belief, religious belief is strongly held; it is natural to try and protect it.
Inaccuracies in the Gregorian calendar.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	every single year would be identical.
Types of atheism and their beliefs.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	atheism deals with beliefs or a lack of them , while agnosticism deals with knowledge.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	in my experience, the vast majority of women i encounter i am a straight man so i can only really comment on the women i interact with on these sites are actually looking for a guy they really like.
Selling products using personal songs and art.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	you are putting artists on a pedestal where aside from the few greats they really should not be.
Advancing freedom of decision in diverse societies.	now, according to the advances we have in terms of technology and more scientific fields i think we need to advance a lot in terms of freedom of decision.	the laws and social codes of all societies are based in a large part on religion, whether in favor or in opposition to it.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	this leads me to food.
Protection against discrimination and constitutional rights.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	we awknowledge that not everyone has the same worldview, and we are not going to tell others what to do in their private homes and businesses regardless if we presonally agree with them or not.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	a new car depreciates the moment you drive it off the lot.
Weddings and gender roles.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	many are about the couple and the bond/commitment that they are making together.
Discussion on the concept of privacy.	but i just ca not see how being a bystander to the real crime being committed is a violation of privacy as well.	you read a headline that nude photos were leaked and you went out of your way to click on them and look through them knowing they were stolen.
The benefits of believing in a higher power.	if you believe in a higher power or god, you get rewarded if you are right.	every single major religion demands things of it is followers that are absolutely abhorrent.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	natural talent may exist in an extremely rare few where brains are wired differently much like autism is effect on memorization, but the idea that some children/people are just better off have a knack for it, etc.
The morality of sacrifice and human flaws.	the proported act of sacrifice is morally wrong   no sacrifice to a deity could be considered moral in any circumstance.	the act itself seems very, very benevolent.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	third, it satisfies the thirst that many people i would say all people, but all generalizations are wrong have for the supernatural, the magical.
Grading in Maths and Science.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	in my physics class you earn points, they are not taken away.
Challenges with Arab Muslim perceptions of Westerners.	i understand that not all arabic muslims want my head on a platter, but enough do to constantly have struggles over there.	know that it is actually the arabs who suffer the brunt of extremist violence and terrorism.
Criticism of blaming whites for problems in Detroit.	i am treated like a kkk member when i criticize black people.	the economy sucks, so the city declines, so it becomes more impoverished, so you see a lot more crime and other problems.
Economic policy regarding import and export.	if we export money, we lose that money from our economy.	how can we run out of something that we have an effectively infinite supply of ? how can the remaining supply of dollars be relevant to the size of the economy when that number is basically infinite ? why does it matter if someone in another country holds dollars when the value of those dollars is determined by the fed ? the value of the dollar is not set in the same way it was under the gold standard, and so the export of a dollar does not mean that wealth is being exported.
The dangers of one night stands and casual relationships.	one night stands and other  no strings attached  relationships are dangerous and can be unhealthy for both participants  mental state.	alcohol consumption and driving a car are more likely to cause you serious harm than having sex with a stranger.
Debate on whether football is a good sport for children.	i think lessons learned in football are invaluable and cannot be found at the same level in other sports.	what lessons will your child learn in football that would not be learned in baseball or soccer ? teamwork ? will to win ? i ca not think of a single lesson learned in football that is not also taught in another sport with less injury risk.
The quality of humor in comic strips.	the comic is comedy or sentimental value is also objectively low.	the style of humor as well as sentimentality are not meant for young, eager, go getters.
Parasitic Strategies in Politics and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	an effective government is necessary to the interests of all parties who participate and is the last thing republicans or the rich want to dismantle.
Lack of familiarity and mutual knowledge.	you do not know them, their life, their family, their children.	they do not know you either.
Criticism of computer-edited music genres.	also, the computer fixed vocals and edited instruments just does not make these people any more like able.	and i ca not convince you to like a genre because everyone has their own taste.
Balancing Work and Personal Life	i do not eat excessively or drink lots of beer at weekend social gatherings.	i avoid this things like this.
Voting for a candidate based on personal preference.	i want to vote for someone who i would actually want to hold that office.	as:   i want to vote for someone who would actually want to hold that office.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	compare this to steering while driving forward and you see that the rear end of the car is slow to react in that scenario.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	in college myself and my two  gamer  roommates, were social and had girlfriends.
Moving large objects or heavy lifting.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	again, people are not always moving huge loads.
The admiration of reading compared to other media consumption.	i am especially interested to see if anyone can explain why reading is  admirable.	this does not make it more or less admirable than other media consumption, simply an equally valid choice.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	so because you can obtain free widgets to continue with your widget hobby, then you will continue with your widget hobby because you can obtain free widgets ? it sounds like circular logic.
Capitalism and its benefits.	i also see capitalism as an efficient machine that has helped increase standards of livings, brought new technologies, etc.	trading kings for ceos and sprinkling in a better standard of living with a bit of social mobility does not eliminate the exploitation upon which capitalism was built and which it perpetuates.
Advocating for higher speed limits on roads.	the roads can be safely navigated at higher speeds.	why ? just about everyone ignores the speed limit, and there really have not been any big problems caused by this.
Biological sex and intersex conditions.	if you happend to be born with both sets of reproductive organs then you still are one of the two, completely biologically you would just need an operation.	intersex people, by definition and by science do not have a biological sex to default to.
Microevolution and Macroevolution.	evolution occurs on small scales with species, but these species do not hold a common ancestor.	again, what sort of information have you look at and why is it not compelling ? would you be willing to consider the bird dinosaur pre dinosaur related terapod reptile like mammal mammal wolf dog scenario if you were shown how those processes took place ?.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	it may not be difficult to work out who is who in this example, but a more elaborate paragraph or paper might get exponentially less clear with each introduction of  you.
Extended deadline and luck.	why am i lucky that a deadline was extended because of a situation out of my control ?	this definition of luck give the impression that it is completely separate from the persons actions.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	and i am sure you have heard the complaints about the horrible customer service especially from comcast users.
Controversy over justifying genocide and celebrating Columbus Day.	we are taught in our schools that genocide is justifiable and acceptable if we get something in return or are not disadvantaged by trying to solve for it.	i have a hard time believing that any schools are actually teaching that genocide is justifiable.
Nature of human rights and moral constructs.	i believe all rights given to any human are social constructs, produced by society from moral structures determined by a multitude of factors.	i think the general term,  moral rights , would better apply here.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	now, your heart is filled with anger at this country for what happened to your family.
Gender identity and expression.	see, i have a gay friend who has many  feminine  traits, talks very much like a woman, his mannerisms, his tastes, etc.	but he still considers himself a man.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	the percieved attack is based on people wondering if a suggested model of evidence, pushed to the limit still seemed vallid.
Misalignment of School and Financial Years with Calendar Years.	school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years.	if a calendar must be imperfect due to the very nature of the thing it is measuring, why would we want to change to a new one ? how many yearly man hours of productivity would be saved by the change ? how many years would it take for that benefit to offset the enormous confusion that would surely accompany changing something as basic and common as the gregorian calendar ? switching from imperial to metric, for example, made sense because .
Pickup truck usage.	most of the pickup trucks i saw where not carrying a massive load, there was just a person in the truck.	just because they were not carrying a load at the time, does not mean they are never used to carry a load.
The authenticity of social media posts regarding mental health.	these kinds of posts are easy to fake for attention.	for some of these people this is their last hope, if someone can reach out to them on here it could potentially make them go and get help.
Restrictions on Cash Assistance for Poor Families	the restriction on buying only food is paternalistic, and reduces the range of options available to poor families.	i am not saying it is avoidable  of the time, but there is a lot you can do to not become poor to the point of not being able to afford food.
Comparison between beer and wine.	there are more things you can vary with beer than you can with wine.	i would wager that whisky is orders of magnitude more complex than beer, and it is just water and grain.
Qualifications for Political Office	most of our presidents had never actually been a governor, many were senators, representatives, or even soldiers.	barack obama was not an  intern.
Libertarianism and Discrimination.	i tire of discussions of natural rights and how libertarians treat everyone with equality, because everyone is allowed to discriminate equally !	they support allowing discrimination because, as i said, nobody should be forced to interact people they do not want to.
The decline of language expression in society.	people have no need to express themselves anymore.	language is not an art; it is a tool for organizing and communicating thoughts.
Unpleasant tasks in nursing.	someone who is willing to shave your butthole is someone you can depend on for anything.	what if their unwillingness is coming from your health, safety and comfort ? they may be unwilling because they would rather a professional remove the hair because they are not good at it.
Gun control in the USA.	maybe there is a deterrence factor, but are not all these recent police shootings evidence that deterrence often fails with tragic results ?	URL you cannot split police in armed and unarmed forces, since you do not know how dangerous a person is until you encounter him.
Wearing watches vs using smartphones for time telling.	most people already have switched from wearing watches to using their smartphones for time telling.	are people really complaining about ambiguity ? if you ca not prove that people are having a hard time using am/pm, you have not proven it is  better.
Rationality of religious fundamentalism.	i am referring to someone whose personal religious beliefs are obsessive and interfere with one is ability to think rationally.	as the other poster said, you are conflating being incorrect with being irrational.
Crime and Economic Collapse in Detroit.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	it is just silly to think that black people are entirely to blame for crime.
The sustainability of democracy.	if you believe that democracy wo not fail, i ask what makes you believe that there will be enough smart people to outweigh the dumb people ?	fix problems in democracy, do not just scrap it altogether.
The admiration of reading compared to other media consumption.	i am especially interested to see if anyone can explain why reading is  admirable.	it is also easier to read books that are complicated or rely on knowledge the reader may not possess than it is to listen to them, as it is simple to reread parts that are not fully understood, read an annotated copy, or note words or concepts that require further examination in the text without interrupting the flow.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	i believe that expensive engagement rings and elaborate wedding ceremonies are a waste of money and only serve to make women feel spoiled and/or special.	many are about the couple and the bond/commitment that they are making together.
Debating the ethics of publishing the name of an accused person.	i do not, however, support publishing the name or likeness of an accused person.	it is true that people are acquitted of crimes all the time and that they often face social stigma as a result.
Political issues and beliefs.	the last republican president started two wars that killed thousands of americans and hundreds of thousands of foreigners.	when did they try to do this ? now his party tries to obstruct any form of progress in our government.
Controversy over new gender identities.	making up new genders, like genderqueer, is pretty confusing to me.	however, non binary gender identity exists, but different people call it different things, and some people prefer one term over another.
Democracy and Trust in the People.	in order for democracy to work, we put faith in the people.	well who the hell are you to decide what is best for anyone else ? they may well have different priorities to you.
Pickup truck usage.	most of the pickup trucks i saw where not carrying a massive load, there was just a person in the truck.	first off, having the bed designed to be weather exposed can be a huge benefit.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	i have never hit a car.
Selling products using personal songs and art.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	advertisements do nothing for society but promote consumerism, and by letting a company use your music to achieve that, you are just as bad as them.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	theft means questioning the arrangement, the consensus of the warband, hence weaking its cohesion, hence it is a form of treason.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	i do think some people are too eager to label encounters  rape , and that can definitely make people feel worse than they need to.
Limitations of investing time in social and technological movements.	so, in choosing between investing one is time in creating a potentially revolutionary social and technological movement vs.	the question is what does  potentially  mean.
Unselfishness in Embracing Partner's Sexual Desires.	the ability to embrace your partners acts of desire is the truly unselfish act.	intimacy is more than just sex.
Investment in Boarding Schools in USA.	investing on such boarding schools is not a big deal for countries like usa.	you would also have to consider the impact free boarding schools for the impoverished would have on poor communities.
Benefits of Exercise	the positive physiological and psychological effects of exercise on the human body are well established.	everything comes with positive and negatives.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	computers can only solve purely mathematical problems, so we could have a calculator for solving formulae at will, but nothing more.
Debating the constitutionality of the US democratic process.	i am not accusing anyone of acting illegally, so explaining how nothing that happened was unconstitutional or whatever wo not really convince me.	why  should  a popular vote decide presidential office, rather than an electoral college representing the states of the federation ? maybe a democracy based on a popular vote presidency would be a nice one, but it is not what we have.
Employer's right to terminate employees for undesirable behavior.	if an employer hires meth head, for instance, and he/she is exhibiting undesirable characteristics tardiness, stealing, etc.	if that is the case, employers must also have the right to terminate employees for any reason.
Child safety and leashes in public places.	if little timmy wants to go run to the bey blade section at the store, chase after him but let him.	some children are particularly finicky with holding hands even for something so short as crossing the street, so why constantly struggle and frustrate them when there is an alternative.
Debate on whether football is a good sport for children.	i think lessons learned in football are invaluable and cannot be found at the same level in other sports.	medical science finally caught up with the issue, and now people are starting to realize that your brain being jostled around regularly for years is not a good thing.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	you can get a few points for setting up the equation, a few for solving it, a few for getting the right answer, and a few for having all the work neatly and in the correct form.
Controversy over abortion and fetal viability.	i watched a girl i worked with drink and smoke her way to a miscarriage when she had twins and then have an abortion.	well, it is not like you helped this girl in any way, but you are sure there to condemn her when she fucks up.
Limitations of human knowledge and perception.	there might be infinitely many things we are not aware of.	subjective thoughts while we are sure the thoughts themselves exist are in no way constrained by reality.
One-state solution and annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the one state solution, palestinians, would have a  right to vote  on israeli policies.	you should be more specific and mention the settlements.
Gender-neutral bathrooms and potential concerns.	as trans/queer gendered people are coming out and becoming more accepted, distinguishing between two genders for the bathroom just reinforces a gender binary that could potentially alienate them.	what about the huge number of people who will feel really uncomfortable with being forced to use a unisex bathroom ? because that is important too.
The meaning of life.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	no matter what else happens, even in the heat death of the universe when every particle has decayed and there is nothing left, nothing can change that you existed for a period of time.
Dislike towards people who are pro-violence.	indeed, anybody who is  pro violence  i automatically dislike.	proving that your limited knowledge of the world, your limited life experience, and your limited exposure to a person is character sufficiently qualify you to judge who is worthy or not of your company is in some sense a form of foolish arrogance.
Limitations of Concluding Life on Unsampled Galaxies.	or if we had an example from the nearest star with planets, we could conclude that probably every star with planets evolves life.	based on the above, we know that lots of other planets almost certainly have the right conditions.
Negative impact of British colonization on India and beyond.	in countries like india, the very form of government, transportation system, schooling system, and many other indirect influence have their roots in british colonization.	before the brits came the mughal empire URL which ruled the entire indian subcontinent and was mind staggeringly rich.
Safety concerns regarding deaf drivers and lip reading while driving.	trying to lip read a passenger while driving.	it is no different from all the bad reasons why a hearing person might take their hands off the wheel or their eyes off the road.
Domestic Violence and Forgiveness	would the man get called out on being wrong and weak for forgiving him ?	domestic violence is every bit as much a psychological assault as it is physical because it attacks not only the body, but the victims perceptions of reality.
The effectiveness of education research and scientific method in education.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	the scientific method is reliable given certain research goals.
Commercialization of music and its impact on authenticity.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	however, if the band has no issues against advertising or the product that is being advertised, they are not selling out.
Debate on animals' desire for life.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	we live on a planet where even the majority of what we consider  herbivores  are also opportunistic predators.
Individual responsibility in society.	however, society/life does nothing for x individual unless x does something first.	it requires human effort.
Inequality in the justice system for the wealthy.	maybe if a few more senator daughters or ceo sons ended up in jail with clear video evidence we would see change in our laws.	the cops do not know if someone is the son of a ceo or senator.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	they communicate ideas.
Limitations of scientific evidence and research studies.	anything not backed by scientific evidence or at least deemed possible or credible is ridiculed.	so, would it now be morally alright to test on them what would be torturous otherwise ? science as tempting as it may be is not a be all end all definition for things.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	you need to respond in seconds or minutes, not hours or days to stop such a wizard and muggles ca not do that.
Self-defense and the right to be secure in person.	if you do not want a vicious beating do not go around attacking people unjustly.	this does not logically follow from this:  a person has the right to be secure in their person the first statement i quoted misses the point of self defense.
Grading and Approaches in Math, Science, and Humanities Courses.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	because if you are working in construction and fail to adhere to safety protocols, but end up with a nice house, you are going to be fired.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	if i base my morality on that, then it is less likely to shift.
"Defending Racism and Discrimination in Society"	tell me why the society that condones racism is  better , especially for minorities.	basically you believe that an individual should not be forced to interact with people, if he/she does not want to.
The impact of tax reduction on wealthy voters.	any attempt for the wealthy to reduce their taxes will result in destroying their own voting power.	most politicians are popular because the wealthy give them exposure and a soapbox.
Overcoming shyness and social anxiety.	in a similar manner all the people have to make some sort of effort to leave the comfort zone in order to know strangers.	consider that many shy/socially anxious people have unconscious physiological reactions to social situations: they get sweaty palms and bodies, they shake, they feel genuine panic, and they get tremors in their voice.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	if you are on an open road, you have got the room to pass, so pass.
LGBTQ+ rights and Republican opposition.	the gop is base is why my queer friends and i ca not marry who we love in most states.	many republicans would ban gay sex entirely if they could.
Misuse of the term "terrorist" and its consequences.	terrorist implies a simple good vs evil narrative which never applies in the real world.	immediate distrust of such reporting simply because the word  terrorist  is used would be ridiculous.
Argument for Polygamy	polygamy: i am honestly not wholly sure what the argument against polygamy is, besides something about complications in the way tax systems are set up, which could be easily fixed i would imagine.	are we likely to do this fairly ? by nulled, do you mean  go through a divorce  ? or do you really mean that i can shortcut the entire divorce proceedings by marrying a second wife without my wife is consent ? how does our money get split up ? how does custody work in this case ? the polyamorous people in this country are not clamoring for marriage, because they do not want the government to make all these choices for them.
Storage of Information by Search Engines	thirdly, all information no matter how irrelevant or relevant should be stored by search engines.	wtf ! you ca not  take down  content down from search engines, they are not libraries, they are search engines, they search.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	rape is still seen in society as something that men do to women, or as something that happens in prisons.
Storage of Information by Search Engines	thirdly, all information no matter how irrelevant or relevant should be stored by search engines.	under article  individuals to whom the data appertains are granted the right to  obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data relating to them and the abstention from further dissemination of such data, especially in relation to personal data which are made available by the data subject while he or she was a child or where the data is no longer necessary for the purpose it was collected for, the subject withdraws consent, the storage period has expired, the data subject objects to the processing of personal data or the processing of data does not comply with other regulation.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	to paraphrase one of my professors from last semester, you have to live so that you will be able to die tomorrow and say that life was worth having lived.
HIV transmission and consent.	take, for example, if a man got hiv from a woman and she knew she had it.	that example is about an action in which both people consented.
Regulations for bicyclists on public roads.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	why do not bicyclists have these same restrictions and obligations to use those same roads ? you do not really need to be worried about a bicycle with a faulty emissions system, or a cracked windshield.
Blurring of sci-fi/fantasy events with alternative lifestyle events.	sci fi/fantasy events are no longer particularly visually different from alternative lifestyle events, despite theoretically having little to do with that.	if the con looks, smells, walks, talks and acts like a sexual festival, i am afraid that is simply what it is going to be taken for.
The misuse of the word "literally".	the wrong or new definition of literally i am referring to is the opposite;  metaphorically, or figuratively.	they are literally using the literal definition of literally.
Categorization of beliefs and behavior.	however, by my understand of the definitions, a person must fall into one of the two categories either in their professed beliefs or by their behavior.	atheism/theism  is  a dichotomy, but it is not the only one.
Complete Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome and Biological Sex Determination	sex is biologically deterministic and dependant on the appearance of the y chromosome.	complete androgen insensitivity syndrome is the name of the condition whereby someone who, without any medical intervention, develops into a biological female while still having the y chromosome.
Property rights and regulation.	also, who could forget the absolute travesty that was blackwater ?	anything past this point are in effect corruption or governmental negligence.
Racism and Reclaiming the Word "Nigger"	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	i guess that is partially why black people use the word often but are still offended when white people use it.
Comparison between fistbump and handshake.	a fistbump establishes a sense of camaraderie and kinship in just a second, whereas a handshake can take several seconds to complete, at a greater personal investment to both parties.	it is useful for social situations in which my  personal investment  is already clear from past interactions, e.
Driving etiquette and rules in the US.	the burden should be on you to get around me since i am going at or above the speed limit.	or move over once you finish passing.
Criticism of feminism's impact on women's wellbeing.	the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	of course same sex couples and single householders exist.
Importance of taking a day off on your birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	i am grown up at least on paper but that does not mean a birthday is not special to me.
The effects of parenthood on brain chemistry and success.	when you become a parent, your brain chemistry changes and you biochemically become a completely different person.	are you arguing people enjoying their kids is a trick of brain physiology ? if so, is not love also just a trick ? is not any feeling ? moreover, it is much easier to fall into a life that feels purposeless without a child as an easy answer.
Bandwidth needs in the commercial marketplace.	now, i know there are some people with big bandwidth requirements those doing some major file sharing, or maybe needing a big pipe for a vpn to work.	we have / mbps internet and that huge download speed is what allows everyone to do whatever they want on the internet without effecting anyone else.
Limitations of human perception and reliance on science.	the truth is, our perception of our environment is very limited.	if it means anything at all, it must mean  is a more accurate account of reality.
International policing and American perspective.	why not let the rest of the world police itself for a change ?	america is huge and completely isolated from realistic threats.
Becoming a Military Doctor and Paying for Medical School.	my plan was to graduate college and join the ushs the military medical school and become and army doctor. i am also poor and medical school in the military from what i understand pays for smart kids.	this is assuming you get a neurosurgery residency in the military, which is suspect.
Demand and Job Creation.	however, demand is a blunt want, not a constructive force.	without demand, a business dies.
Value of critical thinking and philosophy in society.	over the course of time, a society that values critical thinking and philosophical thought as much as quantitative and linear thought would be a society that would evolve quicker and more efficiently with considerably less conflict and arbitrary systems of control.	this is code for drumming out discourse, dissent and pretty much all differing opinion on any subject.
Keeping last name in marriage.	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	i also recently got married myself and my wife choose to take my name.
Musical talent comparison between Page and Peart.	no one picks up a guitar and shreds solos like page.	URL just because someone is more prominent in the media famous does not mean they have more respect.
Importance of diplomas in society.	my view is that the purpose of a diploma is to prove you are able to function in a civilized society.	he has a brand new  car and he is only .
The effects of parenthood on brain chemistry and success.	when you become a parent, your brain chemistry changes and you biochemically become a completely different person.	i also clean my cat litter box and clean up my dogs barf.
Foreign policy and government services in the US.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	we are, if not literally, extremely figuratively, the leaders of the world.
The importance of informed decision-making and avoiding indecision.	as one can make the most informed decision with all information and research that is available, why be rash.	in which case taking long amounts of time is going to result in a failure to act.
Affordability of professional sports entertainment.	if you want sports entertainment you should go pay professional sports entertainment.	people in the city are going to want to watch their local college sports team.
Revolt of sports team for social justice.	the idea that a team s would stage some sort of revolt is hopelessly naive.	if you have a reputation of using slave labor with an antagonist government, and people get really pissed, sponsors will start pulling out.
The limitations of ethical consumerism in addressing climate change.	whether or not florida is sunk by rising sea levels is not a triviality that should be left to making sure you buy the right soy sauce.	there is nothing you and i can do to force the chinese people to stop working themselves to death and polluting their country, short of starting a war and killing them to show them the error of their ways.
Speed running and the importance of bosses.	the idea of speed running is about being able to beat the game the fastest and bosses are an important part of the game.	most bosses can be beaten fairly easily by skilled players and require nowhere near the level of perfection as many exploits.
Benefits and drawbacks of reality TV and Gordon Ramsay's behavior.	reality tv is also a great source of knowledge on different cultures and societies that a regular person might have not got the chance to stumble across.	generally in an hour long show with say,  contestants in the episode, you are talking about  or  minutes of screen time per contestant.
The mindset that violence is always wrong.	i do not mean people who think violence should be a last resort, because that is pretty much everyone.	pacifists are willing to hold to this truth to the point they would die for it, rather than end other is life for failing to see this truth.
Criticism of Anime Tropes and Historical Context.	i find the tropes of anime very inane, everyone looks the same, people are too serious or too wacky, the animation is clunky same expressions , the subject matter is very bizarre and i ca not stand most of the characters.	the animation of anime is such that it is low budget and every frame and character outline is re usable, with minor changes in hair color, clothing etc.
Police brutality and technology's impact on awareness.	almost daily we hear of police shooting and killing unarmed and unthreatening citizens along with animals.	opinion or fact ? because information is easier to obtain do to increase in technology efficiency.
Influence of culture on sexuality and behavior.	i believe the culture in which a person lives can influence at least some people to be gay/bi/pedofilic.	so to do straight men is brains and lesbian women is brains.
Challenges in discussing social justice and oppression.	why ca not we have a deeper discussion in society about issues of social justice that does not always end in a competition of whose more oppressed by the mythical white male oppressor rapists.	oppression does not have to manifest itself in major ways.
Batman's refusal to kill villains and its consequences.	throughout the history of batman, the hero has refused to kill the villain and instead has him institutionalized or put in jail, from which the villain the joker, scarecrow, etc.	uses his own funds to protect the public and gets nothing in return , and he has the ability to stop being batman and living a peaceful, luxurious life as a billionaire playboy, but chooses to put his time and money into protecting the innocent, to risk his life for no money, no fame, nothing in return.
Religious justifications for violence in literature.	what other fashion can you justify genocide, bigotry and forced conversion other than proclaiming that your message is about peace and love ?	his martyrdom and subsequent worship  is  the feature that makes him unique.
Criticism of computer-edited music genres.	also, the computer fixed vocals and edited instruments just does not make these people any more like able.	i feel like you are just being judgemental and generalizing entire genres because you have heard a few bad songs from each.
Casualties and conflict in Palestine and Israel.	by simply looking at the numbers of casualties on both sides, the casualties on the side of the palistinians massively outnumber the ones on the isrealian side.	just because israel has a much stronger military in an armed conflict does not mean that they are committing genocide.
Misunderstanding about mental health conditions.	when anything about suicide or disappearing from the world comes up, everyone looses their mind.	i was with you until i realized you were talking about mental conditions and not severe or painful medical conditions.
Pronunciation and Nationalism.	i am aware i am in a particular country that speaks english a certain way, but to completely discount alternate and, in many cases, the original pronunciation as  wrong  seems nationalistic at best and conceited at worst.	much like humans did not  come from  modern apes but are merely another branch sharing a common ancestor, so too with languages.
Gender equality and reproductive rights.	if women are given control over their reproductive system contraception she is able to control the balance of power much more.	one parent caring for a child  enables  the other parent to work.
Unpleasant tasks in nursing.	someone who is willing to shave your butthole is someone you can depend on for anything.	there are also professionals who remove hair for a living but this does not make them the most trust worthy people.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	science does not try to approach god as a topic.
Voting for a candidate based on personal preference.	i want to vote for someone who i would actually want to hold that office.	no where does op state that he wants a politician to be  perfect , or even have any of the same ideals as himself.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	this is another matter of perspective and, sometimes, tolerance.
Comparison of ethnic and religious violence in Europe and the rest of the world.	in fact, that is why i think most examples of ethnic and religious violence outside of europe did not really happen until europeans started meddling in foreign affairs.	and muslims are  shocked  when europeans find it difficult understand people who believe woman should be subservient to men, and that homosexuals should be hanged.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	how would we know the difference between divine outlier change, and satanic or false god outlier change ? if we recognize either, would not we risk recognizing the wrong one ?.
Limitations of Concluding Life on Unsampled Galaxies.	or if we had an example from the nearest star with planets, we could conclude that probably every star with planets evolves life.	you have still got the same sample size issue, especially since you are trying to make a conclusion about unsampled galaxies from n  sampled galaxies.
Comparison between fistbump and handshake.	a fistbump establishes a sense of camaraderie and kinship in just a second, whereas a handshake can take several seconds to complete, at a greater personal investment to both parties.	for initiating new relationships or making contracts i  want  something that indicates greater personal investment, like a firm handshake with eye contact.
Pharmacies and Vaccinations.	the shot is a big way for the pharmacies to make their money from a virus that is not even relevant.	i am glad to hear you support vaccination, but the rest of your claims are a bit misleading.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	some of my most memorable moments with my childhood friends included sitting inside on a rainy day playing video games.
Debate on abortion and rights of the fetus.	which should not be valid because youre killing another body. which should have rights.	certainly bodily autonomy arguments are one thrust of it, but a lot of people myself included doubt whether or not a fetus is a person obviously they are human, but it is not clear that they are  persons.
The aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	past thoughts and feelings comprise who you are in your present, even if you know longer hold the same views.
Gender and Sentencing Disparities.	furthermore, adolescent boys are often physically bigger and stronger than older women, so feelings of coercion in that respect are not as pronounced if the genders were switched.	coercion does not have to be physical.
Artists selling their art.	even established actors or comedians should not be doing commercials.	his full time job allows him to be financially stable, are these piano lessons a motivated by pure greed or maybe he just likes piano and kids.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	that does not sound polite, and is equivalent to parasitism.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	the only global development you cited was social security, which is something that can be easily resolved politically as opposed to say, advancements in heavy manufacturing or metallurgy which cannot simply be resolved through legislation, and has to be innovated.
Obesity and Legislative Impact on Healthy Alternatives.	point being, obesity only runs rampant in the united states because legislature is not there to deflate the cost of healthy alternatives.	there is also the question of how you measure obesity before declaring it is an epidemic.
Discussion on the concept of privacy.	but i just ca not see how being a bystander to the real crime being committed is a violation of privacy as well.	i think respect outweighs curiosity.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	where are they condemning you ? where the similarity in attitudes ? if there were similar attitudes, the rule would be:   please inform the school two weeks in advance of a party.
Dislike towards people who are pro-violence.	indeed, anybody who is  pro violence  i automatically dislike.	we poke fun at this general concept for good reason these high schoolers foolishly believe that they are in the  right  group and that everyone else is weird, or  wrong.
Marriage and Divorce Statistics	you are not even married yet, and you are already looking forward to the divorce !	a  in  chance of losing your own children, your home and half of your life savings is not something anyone should take lightly.
Difference between libertarianism and other political ideologies.	if you believe something is bad, you should outlaw it.	as such, libertarians are not hypocrites for not wanting to ban something merely because they think it is bad.
Benefits of waiting to buy video games.	games do not need to be bought on release.	for example,  years after its release, batman: arkham city was in a humble bundle, lowering its price from $ to less than $.
Disgust sensitivity and violence.	i think liberals feel more disgust over violence and blood for example.	is it disgust, or is it moral outrage that someone might feel because a library was burned ? haidt might argue that liberals feel moral outrage at the burning of a library because it resonates with the emphasis their moral intuitions place on liberty, and destroying knowledge is a threat to liberty.
Availability of PDF editing apps on tablets.	ipad and android tablets and i assume whatever the heck microsoft is is have very solid apps for editing pdfs.	you can throw a book on the ground and it is still readable.
Celebrating birthdays as an adult.	once you are not a little kid anymore a birthday is not that special.	sleep in, do not put on pants, nothing nothing nothing.
Russia's reliance on oil revenue and its impact on lending.	and putin was counting on oil revenue to keep the lights on.	is not it good for people who now lend to russia since they get more ? so it teaches them and other countries do not rely on one thing too much and they will be stronger for it in the long run.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	this is a short list of people mixing those some alive today and some dead.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	this is the same as sports.
The authenticity of social media posts regarding mental health.	these kinds of posts are easy to fake for attention.	that is just like saying people say they are suicidal just for attention, as someone who has been suicidal that is a common urban myth.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	there is also a demographic of people who use it to feed their starving sense of self esteem by seeing how many people  like  them.
Batman's refusal to kill and his symbol of justice.	throughout the history of batman, the hero has refused to kill the villain and instead has him institutionalized or put in jail, from which the villain the joker, scarecrow, etc.	batman is an  idea , because ideas are more than people.
Exploitation of Potential Outside Public Education System.	so, a society has more to gain by exploiting their potential than that of the average student.	in university and the work force, its a different story.
Speeding on the highway and its consequences.	just about everyone ignores the speed limit, and there really have not been any big problems caused by this.	if everyone drove at the speed limit there would not be a problem.
Protection against discrimination and constitutional rights.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	what ulterior motives, and can you prove that assertion or are you just talking smack ? i think that is hypocrisy.
Minimum wage and tipping in service businesses.	i believe that enforcing a minimum wage for these type of service businesses would alleviate the issues we have with tipping.	if you are being paid the server minimum wage, you really only need to make like  or  dollars an hour in tips to get to minimum wage.
Islamophobia and Racism Debate.	however, sociologists consider islamophobia to be a type of racism, despite islam not being a race.	this carries even more weight when we consider that  race  is a very fictional, somewhat arbitrary concept.
Controversy over new gender identities.	making up new genders, like genderqueer, is pretty confusing to me.	it has no scientific basis and people claiming  kin  are not serious enough to take drastic measures that could be life changing.
Snoop Dogg criticizing a young rapper's skills.	now snoop is one of the few active og, why the fuck is he gonna go diss a young rapper ?	people like bad things a lot of times irrelevant and subjective.
Artists selling their art.	even established actors or comedians should not be doing commercials.	i see commercials for charities, local events and places etc.
Morality and belief in God.	without a god there is no reason not rape and murder.	they usually say this to mean that people need incentives or punishments to behave in accordance with morality.
Criticism of feminism's impact on women's wellbeing.	the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	second, you assume that women is income and opportunities are independent of men is.
The limitations of defining sentience.	i believe that our current inability to explain the nature of our self awareness is rooted in ignorance of our biology.	why should not beings that are able to conceptualize extremly complicated things in a meaningful way, be able to conceptualize themselves ? why should not computer programs be able to map parts of reality to concepts and those concepts to even more abstract concepts, in a way that improves their predictions ? if a computer program is capable of such abstract thought, could not a program have thoughts about previous thoughts and decisions ? why should not such a self reflective process experience some sort of consciousness ? what exactly do we need to learn about our biology to further our understanding of sentience ? do we really need to engineer some super intelligent computer program that appears sentient to us ? causality is an essential part of us.
Inclusion of same-sex marriage and challenges of polygamy.	on what principle would we act to include same sex marriage that would not be unfair towards other types of relationships like same sex throuples or polygamists, etc ?	redefining marriage again further weakens marriage and sends a dangerous message.
Humanity's worthiness of a savior.	i do not think humanity really deserves a savior, especially at the cost of innocent life.	bad people  are by and large just a reflection of their particular social circumstances.
Gender roles and stereotypes in sexual behavior.	i really want to start thinking that men could also be considered a whore and that a woman can be a player.	the problem with this is that you are still making a value judgment on a person based on how much sex they have, you have just switched the genders.
Individual financial autonomy within a marriage.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	the money now belongs to the two of you.
The ethics of piracy and its impact on producers.	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	within that framework, it makes no sense to assume that you are ever going to pay for anything from that or any other publisher.
Faking wealth.	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	exert influence over the economy or the social progress healthcare, drug prices, etc.
The Benefits and Limitations of Cruises	i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, you should go on a cruise.	because they are going to a destination not accessible by a cruise ship ? because they would rather stay  in their actual destination  as much as possible while on vacation ? because they are afraid of boats or sailing ? because they object to how the crew on board such ships are treated ? because they are aware of the fairly atrocious food handling and food storage on board most cruise ships ? cmv some people do not care about room service.
Pronunciation and Nationalism.	i am aware i am in a particular country that speaks english a certain way, but to completely discount alternate and, in many cases, the original pronunciation as  wrong  seems nationalistic at best and conceited at worst.	humans  do not  work that way, and we know this through the science of sociolinguistics, so it is pointless to hope for change.
Comparison of animal and human slavery.	his  owner  can literally make him do anything and if he does not, he is punished and will possibly die of starvation.	the downside of disobeying the master was not just eventual starvation, although that is pretty damn bad.
Perceptions of the US military during the Iraq War.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	to be fair, the military is much more diverse than you are making it out to be.
Representation and Diversity in Art and Culture.	artistically, women are depicted as objects of beauty and desire, people is of color are barely depicted at all and white men are the creators of art.	this is a huge factor on the culture, and language, and the main religion comes from outside of europe.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	i am not sure what the  right to property  is, but i will assume it has to do with the ability to own things.
False accusation of rape.	if someone accuses a person of something as serious as rape, that person is life is now turned upside.	but let is stick with the  accusation as the first accusation.
Misinterpretation of an argument about feeling violated.	the argument is basically  i feel violated, rape victims feel violated, rape is a sex crime, therefore, i am the victim of a sex crime.	i know you already awarded some deltas, but can you explain why you felt this was the argument ? i did not see her mention anything about rape.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	and yet, you suggest that it would be as simple as painting on a bicycle lane to accommodate cyclists no widening of the road necessary.
Advantages of using a trailer for moving.	if you actually want to move a lot of stuff a trailer is a lot more practical.	again, people are not always moving huge loads.
Voting and Political Thinking	i want to vote for someone who i would actually want to hold that office.	and make sure they, too, are willing to work with others as you vote for them.
Government spending on war versus domestic needs.	usa spends huge money on war and donates to countries.	now aside from the boarding part, school is free.
Economic Benefits of Increasing Population.	explain to me why the average person benefits from an increasing population like many economists say ?	many rich people are opposed to this approach, of course.
The limitations of ethical consumerism in addressing climate change.	whether or not florida is sunk by rising sea levels is not a triviality that should be left to making sure you buy the right soy sauce.	they make more money in the sweatshop, and can afford a better life than they can being a farmer.
Living in a swing state and its policy decisions.	but outside of statistics, let is say that you do live in a swing state; policy decisions regarding taxation, spending, the military, legalization of substances, etc.	chances are that if you vote for a right wing party, you are more likely to see tax freezes or cuts.
The existence of an intelligent being as a creator.	id says: there is some intelligent being who exists outside of our understanding of time.	where is the evidence suggesting a being, as opposed to an unknown natural process ? where is the evidence suggesting this being is intelligent, as opposed to some being that is not intelligent but did it anyway ? where is the evidence that this being must exist outside of our understanding of time ? where is the evidence that this being did not have a beginning ? where is the evidence that this being did not have an end ? why is this even a prerequisite for an intelligent designer unless you are trying to sneak some supernatural god concept in there ? where is the evidence that this entity has a gender ? where is the evidence that this entity is gender is male as we understand maleness ? it seems there are lot of poorly supported statements here that  must  be assumed in addition to the assumption of  created the universe.
Libertarian stance on racism and personal/business freedom.	libertarians publicly acknowledge that racism is a bad thing.  yet go ahead and declare that anybody should be allowed to actively practice racism in business and in personal life.	i am curious, are you also for the right to free speech ? if you are, there are many opinions you likely think are bad but nonetheless you feel should not be outlawed.
Nazism and its impact on common people.	we don't have to have zero tolerance for nazis, there were a lot of moderate nazis.	that is because people are crazy and bigoted.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	mace simply does not stop an attacker, it only blinds them and pisses them off.
Responsibility and Birth Control.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	you seem to have a misunderstanding about birth control failure rates, based on these:  the majority are stupid people being careless and swinging by planned parenthood for a plan b.
Internet and Social Networking Usage.	or users would just stop using social networking as much.	if i really want to be sure friends see what i say, i must use email or text.
Criticism of polyamorous relationships.	polyamory just seems like a rather immature way to have a relationship with.	i believe it to be selfish because one person is not enough for you when it very well should be.
Ray Rice's suspension from the NFL.	so i heard an interesting opinion about the ray rice situation, so he assaulted his fiance, and when the video of that got leaked, public outrage caused him to be suspended from the nfl permanently.	he is not suspended permanently, he is suspended indefinitely.
Linear nature of sport and video games.	in sport, you do not know what is going to happen but in video games, there is a linear way the game will unfold.	secondly: they are getting less and less linear as time goes on.
Punishment for rape and other crimes.	in my mind, the rapist is not punished like the other criminals, as he can continue to live with the spoils of his crime.	beyond that, everyone receives the same punishment; years of confinement in prison.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	if we are talking country or rural roads then they can petition to have bicycle lanes painted on.
Fear of the Unknown in Natural Selection.	since natural selection shows us that the strong survive, at some point the human, or protohuman, brain tells humans that anything different is dangerous.	therefore there are two ends of this spectrum: fear which drives neophobic thoughts   behavior, and security which allows for natural curiosity to seek out and explore new things.
Financial Responsibility and Choice of Spending.	i am forced to pay at least partially for all of these things and offered no way to choose where my money goes.	you can move to places that do not have policies you condemn, or that have policies you support.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	i believe that expensive engagement rings and elaborate wedding ceremonies are a waste of money and only serve to make women feel spoiled and/or special.	just because an engagement ring may serve in only bringing joy does not mean that it does not have a purpose.
Recording at concerts and entitlement to seeing the show.	if you did not pay the dough, know about the gig, or could not catch it, you are not automatically entitled to seeing it.	you mean to tell me that because i had a conflict with a band i dig, i should not be allowed to witness that show simply because you do not like people recording at concerts ? heres a pretty simple solution, move ? its a concert venue, there are hundreds of other places to view the show ? i do not think you realize how far technology has advanced in the past  years alone, especially when it comes to telephones.
Difference between libertarianism and other political ideologies.	if you believe something is bad, you should outlaw it.	it is integral to libertarian ideology that the threshold for something being illegal has to be something considerably more than  i think it is bad.
Internet censorship and child safety.	imagine your child browsing the internet, doing research for a project, or just browsing around.	chances are, he or she will note find anything pornographic, violent, or gory, thanks to internet censorship.
Driving safety and emergency vehicle awareness.	not being able to hear emergency vehicles coming.	all warnings also have a visual indicator.
Race relations and individual rights.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	you confuse personal human rights like the freedom to choose who you associate with with state sanctions.
Opinions on charitable challenges and personal donations.	i feel that these sorts of challenges like ice bucket challenge are the kind of things people would want to do anyway, and raising money is mainly an excuse to do so.	running a race and raising money for cancer research.
City's policy on transportation balance.	the other argument is that the city is gouging drivers.	bicyclists and pedestrians do not pay any taxes or fees to use the roads.
Vegetarianism and sexual orientation as innate characteristics.	i am a sort of buddhist who believes unless you are stuck in the jungle in a survival of the fittest situation, you have no moral justification to eat meat, cmv.	in fact, all three do not possess the ability of self recognition URL which is a benchmark for intelligence.
The limitations of ethical consumerism.	in practice, ethical consumerism is used as an excuse to abolish democratically implemented regulations, leaving huge questions the environment, workers rights, and the like to the will of a system that inherently values profit over superficial  ethics .	contributing, even in a small way, towards a better environment.
Comparison of drug use and video game playing.	i believe that drug use does not imply anything more negative about a person than playing video games does, cmv.	the first is a drug user; the second is a drug  ab user.
Subjectivity of people's preferences.	but that is not a good reason to go out and shit on someone.	it is obvious who is real and who is not in this situation.
Contrasting views on cats' emotions towards humans.	cats feel no empathy, remorse or respect towards humans.	dogs will also do that URL in addition, some cats do pick favourites and do  amourn  owners or friends.
Challenges with societal gender norms and definitions.	the problem lies not within people  being born in the wrong skin , but within society is narrow definitions of men and women and of masculinity and femininity.	it actually makes things  more  rigid because you seem to be looking for some sort of universal and  objective  standard to hold people to, even if it is contrary to their wishes.
Corporate Priorities and Employee Retention in Big Tech Companies.	my view is that publicly owned companies run their business model by focusing on their shareholders first, their customers second, and their employees and assets last.	big tech companies want to keep people around for a long time their productivity growth increases more than their salary growth.
Criticism of Feminist Naming Conventions	i am all for that, but as feminists, why choose a name that now singles out women ?	i can name historical ones from the th century, but not any for right now.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	greed is reduced, creativity cannot withstand the absence of demand.
Unkindness and Insulting Behavior	similarly, if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	i agree that in general people should not be so ready to trample over the feelings of others and that in general we should defer to altering out behavior so as not to offend others within reason.
Severity of punishment for unintentional wrongdoings.	If a person does something wrong unintentionally, he should not be punished very severely	he can keep being a jerk in a hurry until his hits someone with his backhoe at work.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	loss visits everyone.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	a lot of these situations seem like they are complicated because one person  felt  like they were not into it and wanted to stop, but did not make that obvious to the other person, so things did not stop, and the next day they feel crappy about it.
The uniqueness of the first eukaryote in evolutionary history.	you have people embracing the intelligent mind, people that work for charities, try to cure diseases, help save others and being selfless.	how about the idea that the first eukaryote was a pretty unique event ? it seems to have happened only once in evolutionary history, and it seems that most life would run into this sort of bottleneck very few worlds might favor the development of more complex forms of life or not get lucky like ours did.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	also, the police must read you your rights before questioning.
City's policy on transportation balance.	the other argument is that the city is gouging drivers.	if you used another form of transportation, do you think you are immune from injury while walking or cycling ? and the correlation between obesity and medical costs is weak.
Balancing Work and Personal Life	i do not eat excessively or drink lots of beer at weekend social gatherings.	see point , but to add to that: this goes back to that genetic thing.
Beauty pageants and gender standards.	but hold women at a different standard than men.	men and women are different.
Personal boundaries and respect for privacy.	but even more importantly, i could not care less if she slept with every guy in seattle.	when women suffer from relationships, they are encourage to speak up, but when a man does it, he is supposed to take it and shut up ? by that logic, every wrongdoing is personal and should never become known to anybody.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	nintendo, is staying consistant with it is agenda.
Issues with lack of game criticism in online content creation.	the problem i have, though, most of the time, the uploader is just talking about their day or sopmething that happened in the game, never criticizing or commenting on the games.	to say that games themselves are totally original would be a false statement.
Obama's defense of Sony's cyber bullying of Kim Jong Un.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	making fun  of this person is not even remotely the same as mocking someone at school.
Minimum wage and tipping in service businesses.	i believe that enforcing a minimum wage for these type of service businesses would alleviate the issues we have with tipping.	you did not like your service ? do not tip.
European Court's approach to online content regulation.	the european court should be targeting the websites and admins to remove the content, and stop pestering the search engines for doing their job.	something  on the internet  is just something hosted on a random machine connected to a network, if i disable it is network nothing short of someone physically showing up and destroying my storage is going to remove it.
Winter Olympic sports accessibility.	most of the sports in the winter olympics are not even an option for most people around the world.	if you want to argue that the summer events have more sports that have been around for thousands of years like track events , you also have to remember that there are a lot of events these days that are relatively new there as well as the winter sports volleyball, rhythmic gymnastics, badminton, etc.
Limitations of labeling oneself as a "good person"	why not just call yourself a  good person ?	one reason is that such a label is essentially meaningless in a pluralistic, morally subjective world such as ours, particularly with respect to subjects such as lgbt rights and feminism.
Limitations of labeling oneself as a "good person"	why not just call yourself a  good person ?	in other words,  ally  is a good way to quickly declare where your beliefs or sympathies lie while also conveying some demographic interest about you and your relationship with those beliefs.
Refereeing and Holding Calls.	i acknowledge that referees seem to call  holding  only on actions that directly affect the outcome of the play.	sure, refs do not call most it, but they could.
Minimum wage and tipping in service businesses.	i believe that enforcing a minimum wage for these type of service businesses would alleviate the issues we have with tipping.	it is pretty common for servers to not report all of their tips, making it look like they made less pay less taxes , not to mention restaurants are probably only second to the construction industry in under the table pay.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	however, other medical illnesses are not treated this way; if you go to the doctor for a routine check up and your cholesterol is high, the doctor will attempt to intervene and the patient is expected to take the doctor is advice.
Misconceptions about feminism and equality.	the only argument i hear when i mention my views on this, is that feminism has evolved into what i would like in a equal rights movement.	but again, why ca not men form their own group to advocate for their own rights ? is this not what the men is rights movement is all about ?.
Male Privilege in Society	male do not believe they have the right to occupy more space than others.	a claim for which you have zero evidence and you even point to examples where men are clearly behaving in the manner that is being criticized and yet you try to rationalize it away.
China's rise to global superpower despite oppression and censorship.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	to make this clearer, think about how the world looked before the industrial revolution.
The art of magic and suspension of disbelief.	there is suspension of disbelief, not only for that magician but then for all magicians.	if the audience is happy the magician is a success and is a  good  magician.
Segregation in markets and businesses.	markets will react by opening up segregated shops and restaurants.	are you describing reality today under government force ? your answer might be we need more government force to solve these effects, but libertarians would argue the causal link between the results you described above were caused by government force, therefore more government force is a ridiculous solution to the problem of government force.
The Flaws of Political Parties and Voting.	additionally, i often see that we are left with the choice of  dumb vs dumber  in elections.	the majority of voters have decided that they would rather trade their ideals for more power and they have it.
Teaching children important values and behaviors.	people always talk about how pure children are.	play nice.
Discussion on the concept of human nature.	people always talk about how pure children are.	play nice.
Hospital Checkups and Physicals	I think regular hospital checkups are a consumption trap.	i am now on a plan that i can get a cleaning/checkup every six months without paying a cent  so yes, i will go for it.
Malware and Free AV Software	i am starting to feel like the programs are becoming more and more malware like every day.	it serves an av company to have more end points protected and getting hit by malware everyday in order to bolster their library of known malware further for both paid and free customers.
Impact of British colonization on India and global connectivity.	in countries like india, the very form of government, transportation system, schooling system, and many other indirect influence have their roots in british colonization.	but at the same time, colonial apologists must remember that the british were willing, time and time again, to overlook the pleas of the indian people, denying them home rule, allowing their people to die in famines, and generally failing as proper rulers.
Limitations of Society's Discoveries and Importance of Evidence-Based Claims.	and so as a society, we are restricting our discoveries and inventions to the small areas of science and technology that we know about so far, that we think are credible and worthwhile.	the only way we can  know  things is by finding evidence.
Job search and academic transcripts.	then i will find a job and i will be happy to work as hard as i can given that i am being paid to do stuff, but until then, why bother ?	if a prospective employer requests your transcripts, they will notice this.
AI's potential to destroy humanity.	ai destroying humanity would require some semblance of sentience and evolution past the originally programmed purpose.	we are still struggling with getting a computer to identify the object in a sentence, or to see what a bird is, never mind a sentient computer capable of making something smarter than itself and humans.
Salary-based ring purchasing guidelines.	if you are making median wage, you should be aiming for a nice several hundred dollar ring.	the concept of  x months salary  addresses this.
The ethics of piracy and its impact on producers.	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	you should have been paying in the first place.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	you realize that we are the third most populous country in the world URL fourth largest by landmass URL and the  militarily, economically, and arguably in technology.
Disadvantages of having a child.	having a child is objectively a bad decision economically, time wise, etc.	there is more to life than going to work and making money.
Manipulation of power during times of war.	say that your country is in the middle of a war or something.	people who want unacceptable amounts of power will always try to say that they are helping you by taking away your decisions.
Criticism of Desktop Design.	as far as i can see, the desktop is a hodgepodge of bad ideas all rolled together.	it is very easy to be critical of ideas when you have had the benefit of hindsight and are ignorant of the complexities involved in their development and creation.
Debate on whether football is a good sport for children.	i think lessons learned in football are invaluable and cannot be found at the same level in other sports.	i agree that your child should be allowed to play football, but i disagree that it is a good idea.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	and it is not america is job to save the world, even though they think it is most of the time.
Scotland's potential independence and its impact on the UK's military.	well, first of all, the uk, currently the fourth largest military power in the world and a country that has a permanent seat on the un security council would be decimated in its strength.	the wealth from scottish oil reserves is sent south, and many scots would argue, is mismanaged.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	that is not to say there are not sound moral reasons to invest money in helping the disadvantaged, but i do not believe it will lead to improved public officials.
Yelling at someone without seeing themselves as the bad guy.	the person who you are yelling at does not see themselves as  the bad guy .	do you have any examples of this happening ? are atheists barging into churches and yelling at the preacher ? usually there are two sides to the story where both parties are sharing unwanted opinions.
Morality and Bestiality	the thing about morality, is you may never change anyone is mind.	i may never change a young earth creationist is mind that the earth is more than , years old.
Perception and Limitations.	the truth is, our perception of our environment is very limited.	the fact that we do not know everything there is to know about gravity does not change that.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	the prequel trilogy was no different.
Obesity and Legislative Impact on Healthy Alternatives.	point being, obesity only runs rampant in the united states because legislature is not there to deflate the cost of healthy alternatives.	it is merely a height weight ratio formula.
Avoiding political labels and the left/right spectrum.	instead of saying  yeah i lean left  or  yeah i am right wing  see yourself outside the spectrum and refer to yourself what you are actually are to avoid confusion.	it is a simplified seating chart mostly.
The futility of prolonging life and immortality.	that is why i say that trying to prolong life is absolutely useless.	we already spend a vastly larger share of resources on enjoying simple pleasures than we do on immortality or extending life.
Challenges with societal gender norms and definitions.	the problem lies not within people  being born in the wrong skin , but within society is narrow definitions of men and women and of masculinity and femininity.	speaking as someone  trapped in the wrong skin  a reductive and annoying trope , the view you present does not make these definitions any less rigid.
Effectiveness of shooting as self-defense.	you are not going to stop an intruder or attacker with poorly aimed shots after all.	a right should not be, and cannot be by definition tied to training and testing.
The social effects of identifying as a gamer.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	of course as the definition of our activities suggests, video games do not mimic physical sacrifice, however, you cannot say that there is no emotion between teams or groups.
Depression as a Motivator	all you are doing is numbing the pain of the real world.	it is very difficult to drag yourself out of an emotional quagmire, and if the doctor can help you do that through drugs then he should.
Comparison of wind, solar, and nuclear power.	wind and solar power are great but nuclear power is more reliable and produces far more power.	there are also solar technologies that can store heat and produce electricity even in night time.
Offense and Misidentification.	I would be offended if being called something i'm not	for example, i am jewish. yet i would still be offended if someone said  you are cheap like a jew  or  you jew ed down the price.
The admiration of reading compared to other media consumption.	i am especially interested to see if anyone can explain why reading is  admirable.	actively engaging in media, rather than just passively killing time, is often seen as a better use of time.
Gender roles and courting expectations.	therefore, the man has to  put in work  to get the girl, whereas the girl does not have to do any courting at all.	an enormous industry exists solely because women spend a lot of time painting their faces, adjusting their scent, and removing body hair for the purpose of attracting men.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	every second we do not love our loved ones is a waste.
Abortion and American values.	so, if we take life through abortion, are not we defying everything americans stand for ?	but let is suppose that a fetus is a person.
Driving safety and emergency vehicle awareness.	not being able to hear emergency vehicles coming.	sound is not required to notice emergency vehicles.
Relationships and Cheating	failed relationships and cheating is just way too prevalent to be coincidental.	operate in a distorted fashion compared to a caveman environment.
Improving Public Education through Teacher Wages	some people are skeptical that increasing funding for our public education systems will change the results, but i think that simply increasing the wage of teachers could significantly increase the quality of teachers.	what is going to inspire these kids to get into science and technology ? you would think that, but i doubt it.
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	the issue with this analogy is that any reasonable person would expect a significant chance of losing their money while gambling.
Making informed decisions versus immediate decisions.	others have the incentive of going with immediate decisions without making an informed choice, which i would reason, ends up in regret.	rash decisions with no thought in no time are just as bad as measured decisions with great thought in lots of time.
Kant's universal law formulation and consequentialism.	an appraisal of whether something ought to be a universal law seems to be consequentialist to me.	for kant, the process goes like this: consider an action, ponder the relevant maxim, apply the maxim, do the corresponding thing.
Online Dating and Consumerism.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	if you ca not find someone matching your requirements, it is time to adjust your requirements regardless of your method of meeting people.
Dieting and Exercise vs. Regulating Caloric Intake	i do not care about being right i care about losing weight, and i never wanna do yoga again !	if you drink a glass of water before you eat, you will  feel full  with less food.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	a pistol on a holster is going to be faster every time.
Importance of challenging students and the benefits of diversity.	secondly, there is danger in leaving any students unchallenged.	set the bar high, and that is where they will go.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	ultimately, most complaints about the prequel trilogy were not shared by kids.
Importance of lectures and exams in academic performance.	the recommended textbook should only used as a study aid, not as a replacement for lectures.	if you have an awful day and you did crappy on your test because your girlfriend just broke up with you then you can take solace in the fact that you grade wo not completely dive bomb because you have a high enough homework grade average in the class you can handle having one poor test grade.
Moral Authority of America	someone convince me that america still has some moral authority ?	given that every country has problems that they must work through and communities which they have disenfranchised i do not believe it is true that  anyone  has total and absolute moral authority.
Religion and its impact on society.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	other religions want to oppress or harm groups of people like homosexuals, women, or those outside their religion.
City's policy on transportation balance.	the other argument is that the city is gouging drivers.	if you do not like cars, you do not have to own one.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	crapping in a can and selling it for $, is not talent.
Success and Effort in YouTube Content Creation.	i truly believe that you need a degree of knowledge, charm, and responsibility to succeed in youtube, and as such requires effort and  talent  to do unlike what many say.	this encourages people to start youtube because they think they can make easy money off of it, not because they truly enjoy it.
Importance of lectures and exams in academic performance.	the recommended textbook should only used as a study aid, not as a replacement for lectures.	but the truth is students are people, and people are lazy.
Starting something based on calendar system vs. seasons.	there is no rhyme or reason to wait until the arbitrary beginning of a calendar system to start something.	scorn it and you disengage from your humanity ! think of the caveman who has one chance per year to hunt the aurox before the snows return.
Misconceptions about feminism and equality.	the only argument i hear when i mention my views on this, is that feminism has evolved into what i would like in a equal rights movement.	why does a group with a specific focus have to advocate for everyone ? why ca not it have a focus ? but by definition it is the advocacy of women is rights, i do not want to call myself a feminist when the name does not reflect my opinions.
Taxation and Wealth Distribution.	if you do not pay federal income tax your either a criminal or poor.	what about retired folks ? they worked their entire life earning a living and paying taxes, now they are retired and living off their savings and not paying taxes.
Atheism and Religion Beliefs.	i just ca not imagine a scenario where i say nothing then someone else says something about their religion or some analogy and i say  oh i guess you are right then, your religion here is real .	the onus is on you to argue your view because, technically, neither you nor any theist can certifiably say that god exists or does not.
Atheism and Religion Beliefs.	i just ca not imagine a scenario where i say nothing then someone else says something about their religion or some analogy and i say  oh i guess you are right then, your religion here is real .	you do not have to read all of richard dawkins books, be educated, or know anything in order to be an atheist.
Criticism of religion's role in causing problems in the world.	when i say that religion in general and islamic in specific causes a lot of problems in today is world, i am seen as a bigot and an islamophobe.	poverty, lack of education, power vacuums in the absence of a strong central government.
Native American history and conquest by Europeans.	conflict was aplenty before the usa was founded, and i do not feel the indians were innocent victims because of this.	but then you should not feel any pride, say, in the moon landing or the defeat of hitler either.
Inconsistency with Student Devices and When They're Needed	secondly, lack of consistency with students  devices would cause confusion.	if students do not already have the needed software on their device, there is usually a few computers available for use.
Beauty pageants and gender standards.	but hold women at a different standard than men.	many women are not affected at all by beauty pagents.
Police heroism and community service.	i would like to see more videos of police rescuing children from blazing fires, and helping out the impoverished.	in the few encounters i  have  had with police in my adult life, the cop have, in my opinion, been trying to assert their authority inappropriately i.
Escalator etiquette.	my point is that on escalators, polite and considerate people stand on the standing side and pass on the passing side.	they are impolite and rude only with your idea of escalator lanes.
Criticism of TSA and Security Theater in Air Travel	i think the only reason security theater exists is because airlines have lobbied the us government to ensure that fliers feel safe on their airplanes.	people do not like being hassled, groped, and made to wait.
Gender roles and stereotypes in sexual behavior.	i really want to start thinking that men could also be considered a whore and that a woman can be a player.	the  slut vs player  viewpoint that you described has the pursuit of sex as a sort of game where men get  for every sexual encounter because finding a sexual partner is difficult for many men and women get a  for every sexual encounter because having sex is comparatively easier for many women.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	and had she chosen to keep her name, it would not have meant our families wee any less combined.
Evaluation of Economic Policies	his recovery act almost single handedly saved the economy from a depression saving main street, and completing the unpopular tarp bill saved wall street.	and other countries without an obama have also recovered fairly well as well.
Controversy over Michael Brown's character.	i get pissed off that people think michael brown is still a saint after the video of him robbing the store was released.	nobody is arguing that he is a saint.
The Emotional Connection of Video Games.	a game can make people cry or at least get emotional as the story progresses.	patently false.
Criticism of Overly Politically Correct Language and Trolls.	basically you ca not even read/post anything regarding one gender without having people accuse you of being cis sexist and expanding your post to include other genders.	both make themselves fell better about themselves by going on the internet and attacking and harassing people for some petty reason or another.
Use of force in a situation.	you should only use the minimum amount of force as is necessary to escape the situation.	so if, for instance, you see someone pulling a gun and pointing at you, you are legally justified in pulling your own gun and shooting them,  even if it later turns out that it was a fake/toy gun , because a reasonable person seeing someone pulling a gun on them that was not obviously a fake gun would assume their life was in danger.
The Complexity of Racism.	racism stems from negative stereotypes that are trumped up and oppress a people in a certain group.	it continues the history of folks erasing and ignoring native history, culture, and the people themselves.
Relationship between personal finance and market trends.	economics what you do with your money affects the markets.	eating fatty foods and becoming obese hurts not only you, your friends, but burdens the economy.
Gender equality and reproductive rights.	if women are given control over their reproductive system contraception she is able to control the balance of power much more.	if we could implant valuable marketplace skills into stay at home moms, it would not change their lives at all.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	so, really, all jj has to do for the hype to be deserved is to demand non wooden performances from his actors, choose and direct a good script, and maintain the classic sw look, sound, and feel while innovating it into the future in a logical manner that is consistent with the existing universe.
Foreign policy and government services in the US.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	when we move, everything else reacts.
Freedom of religion and speech.	freedom of religion is freedom from religion.	that is like saying that freedom of speech is freedom from speech; that only by forcing others to be silent are you truly free.
Individual responsibility in society.	however, society/life does nothing for x individual unless x does something first.	oftentimes, x will be expected to work for society/life without society/life giving anything back.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	some people worship karl marx.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if we all obeyed them, traffic would come to a crawl.	if you raised the limit, people will speed and therefore those who are going slower than traffic will cause accidents.
Fantasy Football	as a game, ff is so bad because you are picking the guys you think are going to score the most points.	there is no such thing as luck.
Addiction as a Disease and Responsibility for Actions.	addiction is a disease and a way to absolve people of responsibility for their actions.	regardless of whether you think it is or not, the medical establishment decidedly thinks it is.
Basic human needs and Maslow's hierarchy.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	competition entails that you have an  opportunity  ideally, an equal opportunity to get coveted thing x.
Challenges faced by atheists in society.	no one knows what your religious views are unless you tell them.	when atheists are directly confronted about their views, they can either lie outright, or be discovered.
Bicycling restrictions and safety concerns.	then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	cyclists are just following the by laws.
Impact of voting in swing states/ridings.	unless you live in a swing state/riding, your vote is not going to make a difference.	if it hadnt the issue may have eventually fizzled out and been forgotten for another ten years or so.
Gun control and government tyranny in the US.	if there are either no guns or very limited types of guns in the us there can be no effective defense against a tyrannical government.	it is sometimes unclear that all the militias are under the direct control of the legislatures of the colonies, but that is pretty much an artifact of the incredibly small populations at the time.
Political activism through contacting representatives.	everyone on reddit here says,  email your senator and fill out complaints !	i would assume most letters are read by secretaries or interns and only the really important stuff stuff sent by people who fund them and their campaigns is read by the senators themselves.
Vegetarianism and sexual orientation as innate characteristics.	i am a sort of buddhist who believes unless you are stuck in the jungle in a survival of the fittest situation, you have no moral justification to eat meat, cmv.	straight people are straight not because they chose to, but because they are victims of circumstance like everyone else and have had that choice made for them.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	respect her request or stop going places with her.
Changing last name for practicality and tradition.	well obviously, you are making an assumtion that your family name is more important than theirs.	it makes sense to signify who is head of household by taking a last name.
Misconceptions about the nature of gods.	gods are just humans who have had a good million or so years to evolve.	also, it is unclear what you mean by  humans become perpetually smarter over time.
Ray Rice's suspension from the NFL.	so i heard an interesting opinion about the ray rice situation, so he assaulted his fiance, and when the video of that got leaked, public outrage caused him to be suspended from the nfl permanently.	nbsp;  the opinion i heard was: if ray rice attacked a man instead, would he get the same reaction and public outrage ? of course not, but that makes sense, and i discarded that opinion quickly, so you are only outraged by gross displays of violence when their directed at women ?  nbsp;  but than the person continued on to say that if he assaulted a man, and the man forgave him, would he still get the same reaction ? the problem with this view is that you are equating  domestic violence  with random violent acts.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	is that reason enough to dwell on the idea at the expense of the time which remains ? yes he did.
Overcoming shyness and social anxiety.	in a similar manner all the people have to make some sort of effort to leave the comfort zone in order to know strangers.	these reactions occur because the brain and psyche perceives that they are in a threatening situation.
Charitable giving and personal sacrifices.	many charities that you may donate to pay their employees and ceo is ridiculous salaries.	the difference between normal people and rich people is that a rich person  does not have to sacrifice  anything to give to charity.
Comic Strip Art Style	the actual art style of the comic is usually very repetitive and plain.	although it is true that any strips day to day or even week to week might have interchangeable character designs, a strip from  URL looks very, very different from a strip from  URL the designs eventually became the designs that we all know the s strips are pretty close , but the iconic designs are iconic for a reason; there is something brilliant about how some features are set in stone with precise lines but others are scribbled so that they are different every time check out this strip URL from .
Online opinions and downvotes.	no one wants to get anonymously slapped for an opinion; no matter the opinion.	on hot button issues people are eager to jump on anyone, and not everyone wants to get into a meta argument about their reason for downvoting a comment that they did not feel added to the discussion.
Misunderstanding about mental health conditions.	when anything about suicide or disappearing from the world comes up, everyone looses their mind.	suicide  should  be frowned upon because, with the right help, these people can still live happy and fulfilling lives.
Asian fetishization in pornography.	the thing i am talking about is mostly sexual/regarding sexual attraction.	it is about the people who watch specifically  asian porn  where asian females are depicted as weak and submissive.
Commercialization of music and its impact on authenticity.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	all of these definitions concern a party individual or group that goes against their own beliefs solely to benefit themselves.
Collaborative nature of scientific progress and a counterargument.	scientific advancement is a group effort from the society.	however, i want to change your mind on another point you made, perhaps not your main point.
Subjectivity of people's preferences.	but that is not a good reason to go out and shit on someone.	if you are an og and you keep it real, then you should call out the bullshit when you see it.
Libertarianism and Discrimination.	i tire of discussions of natural rights and how libertarians treat everyone with equality, because everyone is allowed to discriminate equally !	a moral society does not force individuals to interact with people they do not want to.
Demand and Job Creation.	however, demand is a blunt want, not a constructive force.	the point of  demand creates jobs  is that businesses are step two in the process.
Impact of long-term radioactivity pollution on the environment.	and the environment is polluted with radioactivity for over a century.	so, it might actually be safer to let them remain in harms way.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	we ca not just shrivel up on ourselves and ignore the world.
Use of the N-word in Black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	but the black culture has many dark parts to it, racism i have never met a black person who has not experienced racism and tokenism.
Differences in coping mechanisms in a relationship.	for example, say i am in a relationship and i value alone time when i get stressed.	these are incompatible views, and by following the golden rule, i would have a built in excuse for not spending time with her when she gets stressed  but i do not ask you to do xyz when i get stressed !.
Gender identity and anatomy.	the things that define what a  aman  is is essentially a penis, and likewise, a vagina for a woman anatomically and scientifically .	there is also a few studies that show how trans  people is brains work differently, and indeed that male and female brains work differently with trans  individual is brains acting more like the brain of the opposite sex.
The decline of language expression in society.	people have no need to express themselves anymore.	for example, anyone knows what i mean when i say  omg r u ok ?   it kills the language.
Faith in Competent Leaders and Historical Perspective on Problems.	would not you feel more comfortable putting your faith in the hands of honest, educated, competent people, then a majority that is lacking most of those things ?	you are asking for a utopia, a world in which we only get good leaders without bad ones by some magic happenstance where they are chosen by something based solely on their merit which is what democracy does a better job of than any other form of government , i am simply saying democracy has been, historically, the best system of all time for humanity.
Biology and Homosexuality in Different Societies.	if homosexuality or pedofilia is entirely based on biology, should not the rate of homosexuality be consistent with very little variation across all societies ?	homosexuality exists across a wide variety of  species.
Negative attitudes towards feminism outside of subreddit.	there are no jokes about feminism or women is rights, which are actually quite frequent outside of the subreddit.	not jokes, per se, but there is a lot of general hatred directed towards feminism.
Controversy surrounding Tupac's legacy and rape case.	tupac garners as much respect as he does is symptomatic of massive immaturity in certain parts of the hip hop community.	especially those with thug personas, or connections with the black panthers.
Responsibility to inform about infidelity.	as a continuation, i believe the right thing for c to do is to inform b of a is infidelity regardless.	to not do so, again, is knowingly hurting them.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	then suddenly sony jumps in and gives a third option, and finally microsoft joins the console wars in  with xbox.
One state solution and its impact on Israel's future.	in the one state solution, palestinians, would have a  right to vote  on israeli policies.	if israel were to treat palestine as a sovereign country, the first rocket launched from gaza would constitute an  act of war , and israel would be fully justified in retaliating even more so than they did in the last round of fighting.
Comparison between Hamlet and a teenager's Twitter page.	hamlet does not contain  half  the raw angst found on a teenager is twitter page.	reddit specifically is anti thought out content and anti originality.
Reasons for keeping flawed traditional laws/customs.	what possible reason would there be for keeping a law or custom traditional if the said law or custom is in some way flawed generally either morally or due to limiting personal freedoms ?	just cause an idea is new does not mean it will work.
Gun ownership as a solution to women's self-defense disadvantage.	on average, women are less capable at defending against a physical attack than their male counterparts.	and even if you are interested in  fairness , keep in mind that the aggressor has a first move advantage, which is substantially greater if guns are involved: if somebody stronger than you punches you out of the blue, it would probably not kill or incapacitate you, and you may be able to run away.
Abortion rights and bodily autonomy in the US.	for example, i saw a post on two x that did not really refute any restrictive abortion policies but just stated the right to bodily autonomy as an argument against them.	it is certainly an argument against them.
Inconsistencies in the Marvel Universe.	concepts such as rampant mutantphobia, the construction of sentinels, apocalypse, the sh iar, etc are never addressed in, say, captain america.	the writers write in huge threats to challenge the hero of a particular story, and we are meant to ignore the fact that there are other heroes in the same universe.
Gun control in the USA.	maybe there is a deterrence factor, but are not all these recent police shootings evidence that deterrence often fails with tragic results ?	the reason police are shooting more is because there is an  arms race between uniforms and civilians in the united states.
Wealth and happiness	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	because you may have to trade things that are also valuable to you to get this large sum of money.
Requirements for driving and biking on public roads.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	why do not bicyclists have these same restrictions and obligations to use those same roads ? cars have to be tested, licensed, insured, and inspected because cars are several tons of plastic and metal and all running on an incredibly complex internal combustion engine and if even minor things are wrong with the functionality of the car it can lead to massive complications on the road which could result in the deaths of not only the driver of the un inspected car, but in the deaths of other drivers and pedestrians.
Debate on the importance of bodily autonomy.	and somehow  body autonomy  is some concept to be held high.  barf.	basically, it is the right to  not have done something on your body that you do not want to.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	the examples of neutral foreign policy you list also, extremely conveniently, benefit heavily from the stability of the nato alliance.
Driving at Slow Speeds	driving at such slow speeds is impractical.	traffic would be just as congested as it always is.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	if i give a c to a student who thinks they need a b, i am only barely protected from their parents by a set of laws that make me unable to discuss the grades of a legal adult with his parents.
Importance of taking a day off on your birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	sure you could party or celebrate on any other given date but maybe you exactly want to celebrate on the day that is actually the reason to celebrate.
Moving large objects or heavy lifting.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	there are also covers you can get for the bed of your truck that protect it from wind/water.
Subjectivity in religious theories and science.	religious theories are not made by objective measurements of an environment we only know from our observations.	religious people are not afraid to walk out a window on the tenth floor of a building because their holy book tells them they should be.
Assimilation and Tradition.	i do not think we should try to assimilate into the very tradition that used to discriminate against us for centuries and centuries, its almost like we want to get acceptance by blending in while being accepted for the way we are.	furthermore, why is  blending in  so bad ? there is not any morally or philosophically significant difference between gay marriage or straight marriage that warrants a sharp distinction between the two.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	imagine physically discovering and owning that planet.
Living conditions in Africa.	africa was, and still is, a pretty awful place to live in.	but i surely believe that the people living in africa would be in less dramatic poverty and poor living conditions.
Job opportunities for bachelor's vs master's degree holders.	i feel like a lot of jobs are given to gifted soon to be bachelors students who are just desperately waiting for paid internships to put on their application.	you have a masters which is, realistically, only one more year of schooling and maybe some relevant summer experience.
Biological basis of sex determination.	sex is solely determined by the sex chromosome, and there is not anything else to it.	they would have physical qualities of both.
Debating the ethics of publishing the name of an accused person.	i do not, however, support publishing the name or likeness of an accused person.	but secret justice is much less likely to be actually just.
The difficulty of batting in professional baseball.	batting is also one of the tasks that many scientists claim to be impossible.	however, it is a primarily physical activity.
Gender in Recruitment: Bias and Data	It is reasonable for companies to consider gender when recruiting employees, because there is many quantifiable differences between males and females.	secondly, you make the point with emphasis  in average  and  one of many factors.
Sociopaths and Moral Quandaries	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	does not sound like we should be encouraging such a person to be in powerful positions.
License requirements in residential zones.	licenses should not have to be required for residential zones.	i think that an age requirement for an automobile is important because that same automobile can go on to cause a lot of damage if it is irresponsibly used.
Men's rights to opt out of child support.	men should be able to opt out of supporting a child.	unlikely to happen without a completely streamlined system which i do not see happening considering the interests at hand the child is in particular and parties involved including the state.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	she argues that if a civilized person is offended by an inelegant term, then it is personal.
Limitations on Freedom of Speech	as the first amendment only guarantees that the government shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech, the act of detaining those who exercise free speech is not explicitly illegal, and would fall under the category of a false arrest.	so, if you are arrested for unlawful assembly, and you were assembled unlawfully trespassing, obstructing traffic, etc , you are guilty of that crime.
Alcohol education courses in schools.	every semester i have to spend a few hours doing a course on alcohol that i have taken four times so far.	this is meant to educate students who may not know too much about drinking or the effects of alcohol.
Criticism of Medicalizing Opinions on Racism and Heightism	racism and height ism are both a form of sociopathy, because instead of people, you just see cartoon cutouts based on your prejudices, and that allows you to be horrible to them.	racism can be far more subtle than mere caricaturing.
Misrepresentation of Feminism on Social Media	the behavior of some supposed feminists, however, often in online formats such as twitter, is antithetical to feminisms goals, is awful pr, and is simply not okay.	no they are not and that is why it is reprehensible when men is rights activists threaten to murder women who criticize gaming culture.
The difficulty of impressing audiences in entertainment industry.	we can no longer shock, horrify, scare, or blow the minds off of audiences any more.	you are right that there will probably never be another group that has so many breakthroughs but that is only because there are so many more groups now.
Inheritance Taxes and Wealth Redistribution	there would still be an incentive to gather wealth but the concept of being rich because your family used to be rich disappears.	inheritance excess taxes will eventually end up in a general fund and be wasted on stupid things.
The importance of emotional connection in sexual relationships.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	i can also look at the us, and look at arguably highly sexually repressed states and see unhealthy, poor performing areas that fail on a whole slew of tangible  civilization metrics.
Online bullying and negativity towards celebrities.	tldr: people should not shit on other people for no reason; even if the person you are shitting on is undeserving of fame, does not have talent, or whatever, there is still not a good reason to shit on someone.	if you are an og and you keep it real, then you should call out the bullshit when you see it.
Relevance of the effects of slavery and oppression.	i understand that centuries of slavery and oppression have left a palpable effect, but we are decades removed from that.	second of all, we actually are not decades away from it.
Patrilineal naming tradition and biological relationship.	children that come out of your body are pretty unquestionably your children.	i think this is the primary reason that children take their father is last name.
Foreign policy and government services in the US.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	extremely doubtful, you are benefiting extremely from current policies, and there is no real historic precedent for a global leader like the usa gaining anything from withdrawing completely from the global theater.
Limitations of a all-powerful being with different laws of physics.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	besides, humans may be a byproduct of god is plan, not the focus.
Limitations of an all-powerful being.	if you have an answer to that question, that same answer could be translated to the universe.	laws of physics do not affect an all powerful being.
The pitfalls of researching atheism and religion online.	there are a thousand places, a million internet hits, which one can browse to discover facts on the athiesm/religion debate and even the specific subtopic that was discussed yesterday.	but best of all, it is made out directly to op.
The ethics of selling art for advertisements.	letting a company use your art for advertisements is as close to selling your soul as you can get.	commercials are used to convey a message.
The expectation of donating in richer circles.	lastly, i will put forth what i think is a better way of deciding whom to call generous and whom to not.	from what i know, i would say that in richer circles, donating to something and/or someone is in fact expected and that you may be perceived badly if you do not donate.
Animal Sentience and Consciousness.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	they will avoid that which will kill them, but this is not equivalent to the preference  i wish to live for as long as possible.
Wedding ring expenses.	the idea that you should spend half or more of a yearly income on a wedding ring is the most disgusting financial advice i have ever heard.	 months of income really is not that much money for single people near the median household income.
Curriculum design and common practices.	we should teach what is the most common.	both the straight and the non straight kids would benefit from a broader education.
Men's rights in abortion and financial obligations.	therefore, i believe that men should either have abortion rights, or the right to waive all financial obligations to his child while abortion is still an option.	you are ignoring that custody plays a huge part in child support.
Living conditions in Africa.	africa was, and still is, a pretty awful place to live in.	imagine if we americans had never interfered.
Beauty pageants and gender standards.	but hold women at a different standard than men.	there is no different standard of beauty for women.
Cruise activities and limitations.	cruises are also full of activities to keep yourself and your kids occupied during the trip.	or their room being cleaned twice daily.
Pharmacies and Vaccinations.	the shot is a big way for the pharmacies to make their money from a virus that is not even relevant.	some strains of the flu are more dangerous than others.
Modern art and its connection to meaning.	same is true with a lot of modern art.	again, it is about connections.
Political stance on healthcare access restrictions.	conservatives wish to restrict my fellow americans  ability to access healthcare.	not to mention that countless democrats and republicans have supported this since its inception.
Libertarian stance on discrimination in laws and justice.	where discrimination for the sole reason of sex/race/etc is completely ok.	what makes you think this would cause huge problems on a national scale ? i could see how you would think this would could problems in a few small cities in the south, but do you honestly think that more than  of employers would begin to discriminate if it were allowed ? any business focused on making maximum profit would certainly not do such a foolish thing.
Libertarian views on race and discrimination.	libertarians claim that the free market or  social pressure  will eventually lead to a post racial world.	how is this any different ? does the person not own the business like they own their house ? than what justifies this ? a society where we kill off the rich and distribute their wealth might be a  better  whatever that means society, but it is not a moral society.
Allied bombing missions during World War II.	bombing civilians was necessary to win the war.	common targets were fuel refineries/storage, uboat pens, and ball bearing factories.
Misrepresentation of Feminism on Social Media	the behavior of some supposed feminists, however, often in online formats such as twitter, is antithetical to feminisms goals, is awful pr, and is simply not okay.	labeling the bad behavior of idiots on twitter and other social media as representative of feminism is itself sexist and  is simply not ok.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	by both increasing the average fitness of the entire population and drawing candidates from the entire population, the society dramatically increases the likelihood of its officials being among the fittest for the job.
Password security and malware infection.	ideally, passwords should not be reused, and a formula should be used to generate unique passwords for each account you have.	the database is encrypted so nobody can access it, but it is also available and backed up.
Social anxiety and difficulty with romantic relationships.	i had no courage to even talk to a girl i had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.	yeah but here is the deal: the  genuine  advice they give is about as generic and time tested as it can get.
Religion in Politics and State Institutions.	religion in politics is, in many cases, harmful and oppressive, such as banning gay marriage or banning abortion, using religion as a justification.	but it seems frivolous to be concerned about having religious symbolism in state sponsored institutions.
Advantages of eidetic memory and recording devices.	after all, people with eidetic memory are allowed to roam the streets.	every romantic relationship that ends poorly will be followed by the release of  revenge porn  and other private moments.
Criticism of LGBTQ+ movement's focus on semantics.	because in my most humble opinion, the movement is running itself into the ground with semantics.	i would like to respond to your post from the perspective of a cisgender gay man.
Personal views on feminism and equality.	after studying feminism in an academic setting, there were many ideas i agreed with and many i disagreed with.	i still feel that i disagree with enough feminist ideology to not call myself a feminist, despite promoting many feminist ideas and believing that women should have political, social, and economic equality to men.
Body image and beauty standards.	what i do not support is companies saying that real beauty is being round and curvy when in actuality, that may not be very healthy and should not be settled for.	not necessarily.
Limitations on Freedom of Speech	as the first amendment only guarantees that the government shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech, the act of detaining those who exercise free speech is not explicitly illegal, and would fall under the category of a false arrest.	lawful and peaceful assembly, however, is absolutely covered under case law, and unless conduct that occurs during said assembly rises to the level of illegal action, is protected.
Monogamy and Sexual Attraction.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	i see relationships as an adoration and certain respect you have with another person.
Privacy and Email Tapping for Character Assassination.	the fact is that if we really value privacy as a right, then we should be appalled when someone is private emails or conversations are tapped for the purposes of character assassination.	if someone truly regrets something they said in private, then sure they should be forgiven.
Conflicting views on acceptance of homosexuality.	you speak of peace yet not everyone has come to think well of homosexuals.	the main reason that homosexuality is not observed with empathy is because religion is polluting the situation.
Non-binary gender identity and terminology preferences.	who do not perfectly fit into little stereotype gender roles.	whether you are a man or a woman is a gender identity whereas whether a society expects a man or a woman to play with dolls is a gender role.
Controversy surrounding Arvo in a video game.	we all love lee even though he did something just as bad; we ca not judge arvo for what little we have seen of him especially in his state.	it just does not make sense that so many of the characters go out of their way to help him.
Sexism in video games.	if its actually a problem i want to see the statiscs, the science, etc that allows me to concede that video games need to change.	to change something just because you do not like it just does not sit well with me.
Leadership and National Priorities.	to be successful at this, a government needs to keep a focus on the nation first, then the people, and only then any other nations or peoples.	what is the difference between a nation and its people ? if a leader is a sociopath, they are at risk of doggedly pursuing destructive tasks in the name of  winning , whatever they believe that might be.
Individual rights and social contract theory.	since these rights were given to people by god, people can not take these rights away.	rights are granted from other people.
Myth of European tolerance.	that european culture promotes tolerance is by far the most pervasive european myth.	their are a handful countries outside of europe that i would call as tolerant.
Automation of cars and profitability of ebooks.	to be fully effective, all cars on main roads would have to be automated.	the simple question is, what is driving ? it is navigating a road at a certain speed, remaining in lanes, avoiding all people and other cars, and reaching a set destination.
Online Dating and Consumerism.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	nothing about this has to do with online dating.
Subjectivity in religious theories and science.	religious theories are not made by objective measurements of an environment we only know from our observations.	real religions do make specific claims.
Sales Tax Burden on Small Businesses	now i realize that sales tax is technically a  pass through  tax, where the burden is shifted over to the consumer.	i do not understand this, could you please clarify ? if the sales tax is passed on to the customer, why is the business paying the tax ?.
Skepticism about common ancestry and evolution.	i do not believe; however, that humans are direct descendents of any species, and i do not believe that birds and dogs for example had any common ancestor.	with our current understanding of evolution,  every  change is slowly and incrementally gained.
The use of grades as a measure of personality factors.	i understand that grades also can be used to measure certain personality factors conscientiousness, ability to follow instruction, adherence to procedural norms which all debatable might be as important as understanding the material.	it is also important to be able to determine how well you are doing throughout a course.
Privacy and Online Sharing of Childhood Memories.	today is adults grew up without their every  adorable  embarrassing moment being stored online for posterity.	they had all the embarrassing pictures in their photo album.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	quite the contrary, if it were not for us policies and influence a lot of global trade and international business opportunities would simply not exist.
The ethics of a sociopath in politics.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	if the problem is  how to grow the tallest stalk of corn  or  how to detonate the biggest bomb , you have a technical decision that can be answered with no empathy or moral compass.
Reliability of Police Testimony.	i believe police testimony is no different and no more reliable than any other regular citizen is testimony.	this is usually one of the first issues they bring up during jury selection.
Consumer behavior towards movie theaters and home theaters.	second, and more importantly, as consumer behaviors change to favor streaming in home theaters as opposed to going to movie theaters and building home libraries stubbornly limiting your best content to only the old distribution channels has never kept consumers from adopting new behaviors.	people who can afford home theater setups are a minority in the market.
Faith in Competent Leaders and Historical Perspective on Problems.	would not you feel more comfortable putting your faith in the hands of honest, educated, competent people, then a majority that is lacking most of those things ?	you think things are bad now when you can go to literally any other time in human civilization and things were probably a lot worse.
Influence of environment on sexual orientation.	if homosexuality or pedofilia is entirely based on biology, should not the rate of homosexuality be consistent with very little variation across all societies ?	and vice versa.
Grindr hookup culture.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	this is not to say you have to be religious to be against it, but there is a strong correlation.
The Benefits and Limitations of Cruises	i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, you should go on a cruise.	so maybe you really mean  i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, and can travel there on a cruise, you should go on a cruise    it is the most cost efficient way to travel and the most luxurious for the price.
Religious justifications for violence in literature.	what other fashion can you justify genocide, bigotry and forced conversion other than proclaiming that your message is about peace and love ?	when i was a kid i remember sobbing over aslan is sacrifice in  the lion, the witch, and the wardrobe  and agonizing over the loss until his resurrection, which i found very comforting.
The value of writing and existence.	my books would most likely just be lost to time and pointlessness, so why even bother ?	one day humans will no longer exist and no one will remember anything anyone did, ever.
Patriotism and Job Creation.	many Americans think that creating jobs for americans is morally superior to creating jobs for people of other countries.	you can not blame americans for wanting jobs for americans.
Two-state solution and Israeli annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the two state solution, israel would have to treat a palestine, as a country, with sovereignty.	i believe that in order to maintain a jewish state with at least some semblance of secular democracy they must support a two state solution while indeed establishing new  facts on the ground  that will inevitably result in driving or wiping out palestinians in gaza and the west bank.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	no loading times whatsoever.
Role of government in a democracy.	no one should force choices for others.	assuming a democracy, a government is meant to do whatever it is citizens and structure decide it is meant to do.
Inaccuracies in the Gregorian calendar.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	your  perfect  redivision would have to account for this.
Abortion and Carelessness.	but lets be honest, there are not even close to a majority of rape and birth defect screeners getting abortions.	that is what i mean by needless abortions.
Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	most gay men and lesbian women do not experience their sexual orientation as the result of a voluntary choice.
Investing in a country's development and India's space program.	spend billions on improving a country is living standards, education, etc.	on the other end making the nation dream can produce a lot of economic growth and indirectly advance the living standards a lot more than millions would have.
Animals' desire for life.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	they will avoid that which will kill them, but this is not equivalent to the preference  i wish to live for as long as possible.
Difficulty of learning various subjects.	there are no difficult subjects to learn.	do you really believe that all subjects are easy ? i am not sure i entirely understand you point here.
Accuracy of Mundane News Stories.	but these stories take up an inappropriate amount of space in the public impression of the media, and are hugely outnumbered by the mundane stories the press gets more or less right.	if accuracy correlates with reduced reporter involvement, that reflects quite poorly on the news.
Criticism of GOP's War on Drugs policy.	the gop started the war on drugs, a policy which is obviously a gross mismanagement of taxpayer dollars and racist to boot.	blaming the gop is just ignorant at this point.
Benefits of Exercise	the positive physiological and psychological effects of exercise on the human body are well established.	is being more socially isolated due to video games better than being sexually abused by a coach ? stuff like this does not happen to video gamers: URL URL URL is being more socially isolated due to video games better than being permanently retarded due to concussions ? you seem to have the answers.
Superficiality and importance of appearance.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	i disagree; in fact, i think it is the opposite.
Galileo's scientific contributions and societal limitations.	what if galileo had only studied what was politically correct ?	galileo lived in a scientifically illiterate society.
The ethics of selling art for advertisements.	letting a company use your art for advertisements is as close to selling your soul as you can get.	his full time job allows him to be financially stable, are these piano lessons a motivated by pure greed or maybe he just likes piano and kids.
International policing and American perspective.	why not let the rest of the world police itself for a change ?	are they a threat to us ? no, not really.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	i for example would totally be jealous if my girlfriend dumped me and i see her with somebody else the next day, but during the relationship there is no need for jealousy.
Opinions on charitable challenges and personal donations.	i feel that these sorts of challenges like ice bucket challenge are the kind of things people would want to do anyway, and raising money is mainly an excuse to do so.	i did not ask any of my friends for money, and just paid the amount myself.
UBI and its potential impact on landlords and bankers.	therefore there will always be a limited supply and landlords and bankers will be in a position to take advantage of the influx of cash now coming in through ubi.	i hope you realize there wo not actually be an influx of cash coming in through ubi.
Driving regulations and traffic flow.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	well, roads do not belong to cars.
Men's desire for sex and prostitution.	one reason i believe this, is that men patronize prostitutes in significant numbers and men are willing to trade things of real value like money in order to get sex.	there is a complication however, in us culture and probably western european culture sex is a matter that is more complex for women.
Animal Sentience and Consciousness.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	ergo, they have a will to live.
Controversy over medical care choices.	some people do not get vaccinated and live long healthy lives and some people do and the same thing happens.	luck is not a good argument against vaccinations.
Morality of killing in military service.	by enlisting in the military, you have agreed to kill someone on behalf of the cause for which that military is fighting.	as i see it, this is not the case.
Skipping work on your birthday	not a manner of taking advantage of using your birthday to escape responsibility.	especially for wage slaves such as your employees.
The ethics of suicide and society's role in prevention.	my view is that suicide is your last right which cannot be taken away without complete captivity and dehumanizing restraints.	similarly, society has an obligation to protect the patient from himself until such a time as he is able to be cured of his affliction.
Government regulation on family size.	i have never understood how the government can justify legislation on how many people you can legally have in your family.	more than two people creates complicated legal interactions between everybody involved.
Authenticity of songs used for product advertisement.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	sometimes songs are just songs which are written to be catchy and sell good.
Corporate liability for death and officer bans.	death: any and all officers active at the time of the incident are permanently banned from participating in that corporation.	it may seem unfair as people might get fired for actions they did not do, however its a corporation found guilty of a crime and being punished and you happen to work for that corporation.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	you could not have helped her ? ok, but that also takes away your right to judge her.
Personal growth and sexual experience.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	gleaning information from entertainment is a horribly stupid idea.
Beauty standards and body image.	is real beauty not being thin, even though you may happen to have a high metabolism or eat healthy foods ?	or they want to date not thin people and do not feel like theyre  settling  ? why do you get upset when others have a different standard of beauty than you ? i think these women should be praised and promoted.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	you said in a different comment that you want the moments with your girlfriend and with reddit to last forever.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	to be completely honest, it really is not its own separate continent, as its geographic nomenclature is an artifact of classical antiquity.
Theological beliefs regarding the nature of man and God.	but what changes by adding god to the picture ?	human life is holy.
The War on Christmas and Exclusion.	the most offensive part of the  war on christmas  is one group trying to exclude all others.	but to those who are not so happy about being inclusive it is not.
Computer Science Major and Money Making	however, i am not really into the whole programming aspect, which i now realize the computer science major mostly consists of.	he is also a dj who travels around and parties and programs once in a while when he runs low on fun tickets.
Improving Public Education through Teacher Wages	some people are skeptical that increasing funding for our public education systems will change the results, but i think that simply increasing the wage of teachers could significantly increase the quality of teachers.	we are a nation of many people, and it is silly to pick one  worst  cause and dedicate money to it.
Superficiality and limited inventory of electronics stores.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	nothing about this has to do with online dating.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	losing people is the worst and you will live the rest of your life feeling incomplete in some way.
Legal implications of cohabitation versus marriage.	if for some reason we do not work out i want to keep what i have worked hard to earn, and not be responsible for any debts she may still have.	that may be true but that does not mean she will be unable to take you to court.
Fundamental rights in American government.	these were the first fundamental rights we declared for ourselves as americans and i believe these rights are one of the building blocks of american government today.	nowhere does our law protect the right to  potential life.
International policing and American perspective.	why not let the rest of the world police itself for a change ?	other countries that are closer allies to us could get involved until the majority of europe is involved.
Funding public education and health care systems.	most of the resources obtained by the redirected inheritances could fund very strong public education and health care systems giving everyone a fair start in life.	while a noble idea, this is not reality.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	i will address your points in order, if there is any other information needed to change your mind just say so but i think the data is very compelling that civilization will not collapse due to a lack of resources at any point in our future.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	you are making a lot of assumptions based on your personal preference for the aesthetic of skinny women.
Challenges with Immigration Policy.	If the threshold for immigration is too low, there will be too rapid a population inflow in this process that the country can not handle.	part of the problem is that there are a lot of people who come here in an effort to make enough money to feed their families and, as a result of their condition, cannot afford the costs of legally immigrating. we should allow people to come in for much cheaper or they are just going to come anyway.
Fatherhood joys and challenges.	think of all the joys fatherhood brings.	there is a lot of joy, but also a lot of misery.
Achievement and Taking Action	what would  wouldoing my best  achieve that i do not already have ?	your friends have a higher expectation out of life than you.
Job Creation and Nationalism	many Americans think that creating jobs for americans is morally superior to creating jobs for people of other countries.	it is akin to buying local to stimulate the local economy.
Parasitic Strategies in Politics and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	in our case, this entails blocking policies that benefit the nation, like affordable healthcare and sensible public investment in jobs and infrastructure.
Opinion on banning pet cats.	The federal government should ban pet cats. basically my view is rather simple i hate cats.	thirdly, i find it hard to believe that you have no legal recourse for your situation.
Gender pay gap.	i have seen a million studies that show women make less.	i am equally willing to believe that men make less money as i am to believe women make less money.
The importance of appearance in first impressions.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	you could argue that certain online dating sites promote such expectations, but with sites like okcupid, it is largely up to the users to mis represent themselves in their profiles.
Criticism of environmental hypocrisy regarding private jet usage.	there is no hypocrisy, because no one is advocating the ban of private jets.	buying a tesla is certainly not poverty, but is better for the environment.
The morality of sacrifice and human flaws.	the proported act of sacrifice is morally wrong   no sacrifice to a deity could be considered moral in any circumstance.	we are imperfect and unable to reach perfection, so god takes what we pay and makes up the difference with his own sacrifice.
The War on Christmas and Exclusion.	the most offensive part of the  war on christmas  is one group trying to exclude all others.	whether one or the other is considered more politically correct is irrelevant to one who is referenced  incorrectly.
Batman's Mass Assault on Bane and the Consequences	in dkr batman organizes a mass assault on bane, knowing the police are using guns, and bane is troops are using guns, which leads to a lot of deaths.	when the cops fought bane or when gordon blew up the train tower, there were other people in the plot to ensure that batman was not murdering out of petty revenge.
Same-sex marriage and government involvement in marriage.	so not to get hung up on technicalities, but people cite the equal protection clause of the constitution as a basis for the claim of discrimination inherent in same sex marriage bans.	it being still available means they are not being discriminated against by choosing not to marry a person of the opposite gender.
Taboos on certain tattoo types.	tattoos are not just for gang members and social outcasts.	so why are there still taboos on certain tattoo types ? no they are not  mainstream  they are still bad.
Artistic integrity and commercialism in the music industry.	the art is no longer as genuine.	therefore,  selling out  is subjective, and a listener who uses that judgment is only ruining the song for themselves the artist can never do that.
Privacy and Online Sharing of Childhood Memories.	today is adults grew up without their every  adorable  embarrassing moment being stored online for posterity.	but who uses those these days ? people use digital cameras, smart phones, etc.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	you mean prostate and testicular ? there is ample research and discussion on both.
Hamas rejection of peace and Israel's retaliation.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	so for two  whole  weeks, they stopped murdering civilians ? i had to edit this comment twice to peel out the sarcasm.
Polygamy as a recognized form of marriage.	when we last redefined marriage with no fault divorce, divorce rates skyrocketed and a number of problems worsened.	we did not  redefine  marriage with no fault divorce laws, we just made it easier to divorce.
Existence of unintelligent life on other planets.	i agreed that there is a chance that unintelligent life exists on other planets, maybe even other solar systems since water or evidence of what used to be water was found on mars.	i believe microbes and maybe amoebas can possibly exist but that is life, right ? extraterrestrial i.
One state solution and its impact on Israel's future.	in the one state solution, palestinians, would have a  right to vote  on israeli policies.	this would be the end of israel.
Relevance of the effects of slavery and oppression.	i understand that centuries of slavery and oppression have left a palpable effect, but we are decades removed from that.	this is happening here and now, you ca not ignore it.
Perception and Limitations.	the truth is, our perception of our environment is very limited.	why does the fact that there are things we ca not perceive everything take away from the things we can perceive ? your computer works.
Responsibility for persecution of atheists.	also, anyone who, for whatever reason, is persecuted for being atheist is at least partly responsible for their own persecution.	and anyone who shouts loudly about being an atheist was probably being a dick anyway.
The limitations of declaring oneself an ally.	in essence, declaring yourself to be an ally outsources your moral reasoning to the group with which you have allied, and i cannot imagine any reason to do that.	the term  lgbt ally  signals useful information.
Opinion on the design of a fictional species.	you either like the joke of a musclepacked brainless horde of humanoid fungi screaming  waaaagghh  at the top of their lungs while driving on makeshift or stolen vehicles, or you do not.	i am also curious why you think the other races are more compelling.
Making money from motivational content and art.	yes, the higher ups make money from motivational content.	what is so different between that and artists making money off of their songs ? it is still a service they are providing.
Misconceptions about bisexuality.	the potential partners i could have would be increased, et cetera.	this is especially true for bi men who face more stigma then bi women do.
Longevity and happiness in relationships.	there is no way a relationship between two people can last and the people in that relationship actually remain happy and content with the relationship and each other.	really special people can enrich your life far more than you know.
The aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	do you take pictures of yourself ? obviously, we do not take pictures of ourselves because it is a manifestation of the present; we want to remember where we were, what we did, what we experienced, what we thought.
Fear of the Unknown in Natural Selection.	since natural selection shows us that the strong survive, at some point the human, or protohuman, brain tells humans that anything different is dangerous.	therefore racism is not hardwired.
Religious freedom and conformity.	there is not freedom to practice religious beliefs if you are required to adhere to any of the religious beliefs or rules of other religions.	if i listen to lady gaga next to you, i am forcing you to hear it; i am not forcing you to like it.
Inherent cognitive biases and misinterpretation of data.	i cannot be sure that i am not inherently designed in a way that forces me to believe falsehoods and misinterpret experiential data.	so if nothing else you can be certain that a concept is what you have defined it as.
Limitations of Society's Discoveries and Importance of Evidence-Based Claims.	and so as a society, we are restricting our discoveries and inventions to the small areas of science and technology that we know about so far, that we think are credible and worthwhile.	things without evidence are things that ca not be proven.
Intellectual Property Rights and Cultural Differences.	however, patents and copyright are not  property  in the sense that cars are.	for the same reason society is compelled to adhere to any other property law, it is the bedrock upon which civilization and markets are built.
Animal farming and its impact beyond human consumption.	if you decide to not eat animals so that hopefully less farm animals are subject to such horrible conditions, you are ignoring the bigger picture.	i already had a dog when i went vegan, so i choose to bite the bullet and pay for meat products for now.
Libertarianism and Discrimination.	i tire of discussions of natural rights and how libertarians treat everyone with equality, because everyone is allowed to discriminate equally !	no libertarian supports discrimination when it comes to laws or justice.
Parasitic Strategies in Politics and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	at the very least, the  need a functioning democratic government to keep the  from overthrowing them like every other time in history.
Racism and Society's Segregation.	tell me why the society that condones racism is  better , especially for minorities.	are you describing reality today under government force ? your answer might be we need more government force to solve these effects, but libertarians would argue the causal link between the results you described above were caused by government force, therefore more government force is a ridiculous solution to the problem of government force.
Pharmacies and Vaccinations.	the shot is a big way for the pharmacies to make their money from a virus that is not even relevant.	however, the idea that it is just a money grab really is not one of them URL also, dr.
Privacy and the Ethics of Peeping Tom Behavior	i think about all the porn out there, i know some photos of random girls have to have been from a boyfriend or ex that were uploaded without the girl is permission.	i think respect outweighs curiosity.
The effectiveness of education research and scientific method in education.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	it is easy to define the social sciences as contributing nothing but paperweights to human knowledge when you are at best cherry picking from the arguments and research that you find the most distasteful.
Morality of the Second World War	the second world war can be seen as a black and white moral struggle against monstrously oppressive forces.	people did not realize what they were getting into.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	seeking help for medical illnesses is also voluntary.
Net Neutrality and Industry Experience.	the net neutrality documents are hundreds of pages and would take weeks to read through and analyze.	industry experience would be a requirement in making a proper decision.
Non-consensual sharing of intimate photos.	i think about all the porn out there, i know some photos of random girls have to have been from a boyfriend or ex that were uploaded without the girl is permission.	at least two women have killed themselves over revenge porn, and cyber civil rights initiative studies show that  percent of victims contemplate suicide.
Suppressors and firearm noise reduction.	contrary to what video games tell you, suppressors do not make a firearm completely silent.	keep in mind that since , only two murders have been committed with legally owned machine guns and one of those was by a police officer who are exempt from this ban anyway.
The Israeli-Palestinian conflict and potential solutions.	until israel endorses either a one state solution, or a two state solution, the israel government is, at best, disingenuous.	it is easy to point out that palestinians have been launching attacks on israel for decades as well.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	think about what is needed for an afterlife view, especially with the judeo christian view: that sort of worldview says there is love more important than the love that your real friends and your real family, who choose to spend their limited time with you.
Addiction and Responsibility.	addiction is a disease and a way to absolve people of responsibility for their actions.	there are degrees of coercion.
Distrust in politicians and the desire for honesty in voting.	i only want to vote for someone who i could reasonably expect to be honest and trustworthy.	apathy about local politics is why your schools are shit, roads do not get fixed, your town has a comcast/time warner monopoly that is fucking you, etc.
Economic Benefits of Increasing Population.	explain to me why the average person benefits from an increasing population like many economists say ?	with universal healthcare, free education through college, and public transportation, there are few poor people.
Challenges of Law Enforcement and Professional Standards.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	or when they raid the wrong home and just beat the family inside URL and then try to cover their tracks by saying the family attacked them.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	if the partner literally has absolutely no say in anything financial related ? they do not have input on whether or not you pay for cable or cut the cord ? they do not have input on what house you buy to live in ? yes, these are absolutely extreme examples, but these are the types of situation that would fit under  financial abuse  would not it ? anyway, to sum all of this up: there is a significant difference between a couple allowing one party of manage the finances and a couple allowing one party to  control  the finances.
The use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	not every black person shares the same view.
Properties of pi.	yet the digits of pi are never ending and never repeating.	perhaps after a certain point,  never shows up again in pi.
Evaluation of Economic Policies	his recovery act almost single handedly saved the economy from a depression saving main street, and completing the unpopular tarp bill saved wall street.	you may think it will become more popular, but it also may not.
Acknowledging the Existence of Horrible Black People.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	study up on the history of america.
Homelessness and American Politics.	just like in the us, warmer places have more homelessness, colder places do not.	and not everybody can keep those two separate.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	also, we will probably expand out of greed.
Extended deadline and luck.	why am i lucky that a deadline was extended because of a situation out of my control ?	he does not seem to be rejecting the notion that that someone who finds a $ randomly on the street is not lucky i could be interpreting his post incorrectly , or that something beneficial that occurs by  pure chance  would not be considered  lucky.
Voting for a candidate based on personal preference.	i want to vote for someone who i would actually want to hold that office.	he said:   i only want to vote for someone who i could reasonably expect to be honest and trustworthy.
Manipulation and Control Tactics of Crime Lords.	actions like that engender dissent and create a culture of fear and paranoia among your henchmen.	the henchmen are left feeling powerless and in the hands of their leader.
The existence of supernatural beings and their paradoxes.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	if you are all powerful, you obviously should be able to restrict your own powers.
Polyamory and selective love.	love is not something you can throw around nilly willy.	love between  people is a social construct, but there is no reason that social construct could not be changed to include more.
Capital punishment and morality.	murder and inequality are naturally occurring phenomenons.	but then, is not the death sentence just another murder ? why is it not wrong ? why does this mean morals do not exist ? there are three clear solutions to the problem: either it is moral to kill a murderer because they deserve to be killed, it is moral to kill a murderer in order to prevent them from killing more people the total amount of murders will end up being lower , or it is not moral to kill a murderer.
Challenges of not being able to vote in politics.	not voting is also works against me since i remove any say on representation in politics.	in my case, i do not live at my home of record where i would be registered to vote.
Historical wars worth arguing about	as far as i can tell those are the only two wars even worth arguing about.  but please cmw.	they used the native americans to fight against us as well.
Economics and Leftism.	leftist culture demonizes capitalism, which is the mechanism by which one attains material security in our society.	 i think health care is a nice counter example.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	in addition to this, schulz has a flair for the abstract and the minimal, as evidenced by both the character designs and the strips from  and , both of which feature two words or less.
Advantages of using vans for moving compared to pickup trucks.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	blood or fermented chicken liver can be cleaned out of the bed of a truck with a hose, but if they get on the interior of a car, the cleaning process is long and complicated and potentially expensive.
Gender-neutral bathrooms and potential concerns.	as trans/queer gendered people are coming out and becoming more accepted, distinguishing between two genders for the bathroom just reinforces a gender binary that could potentially alienate them.	a lot of women feel the same way.
Thanksgiving meal preferences and tradition.	we keep lying to ourselves, while we fill up on everything but turkey.	they are not popular year round but they are savored on a special day.
Criticism of religion's role in causing problems in the world.	when i say that religion in general and islamic in specific causes a lot of problems in today is world, i am seen as a bigot and an islamophobe.	when you say christianity or islam is the problem, and then point to a couple of dickheads.
Challenges of Law Enforcement and Professional Standards.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	or worse, when they collectively fuck up, not a god damned thing happens to anybody.
Wedding ring expenses.	the idea that you should spend half or more of a yearly income on a wedding ring is the most disgusting financial advice i have ever heard.	bottom line: it is not irresponsible at all putting  months salary into a single thing.
The Ethics of Military Combat.	another reason is when on the field, you are killing people who are on the other side of the fight than you, but these people are compete strangers.	well, again, air force, so more likely your fellow members of the military.
Libertarian ideology and personal liberties.	the belief that personal liberties should trump other factors when deciding policy/action.	libertarian ideology is a combination of a concept and an observation: concept: policy/action should be decided based on outcomes rather than ideology or intention observation: in the vast majority of cases, government intervention creates more problems than it solves conclusion: government intervention/prohibition should be an absolute last resort, used only in cases where failure to act would result in complete economic collapse or another equally catastrophic event / the law should only be used to solve problems when all other options have failed, and it can be demonstrated that government intervention will not create worse problems.
White Privilege and Racism	statements like  white people ca not experience racism  are obviously bunk; tell that to the polish guy who got glassed and facially disfigured by a drunk woman in my town on the basis of his identity.	i do not even think about it except in discussions like this.
Gun control and banning specific firearms.	i am pointing out that there are specific firearms that have no impact on violence at large, yet are the first ones targeted.	in a nutshell: although your luger is not a problem now, because no gangster wants to pay $k for one when they can get a modern firearm for much less, it will become a problem when regulation means that risk and lack of supply make modern firearms less appealing.
Batman's refusal to kill and his symbol of justice.	throughout the history of batman, the hero has refused to kill the villain and instead has him institutionalized or put in jail, from which the villain the joker, scarecrow, etc.	batman has given numerous more plausible rationalizations for why he does not kill, including a number of strictly consequentialist arguments as well as several based on duty or virtue, too.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	for example, very soon after harry fights off the dementors in book five the ministry sends him a warning letter.
Acting roles and talent requirements in Hollywood.	anyone with even a modicum of talent on guitar or drums can play green day songs.	sure, and you would struggle to find someone talented enough on guitar or drums to play avenged sevenfold songs.
Tax-exempt business buying undisclosed property.	the business buying the house is a tax free organization.	that means that they will be consuming resources but not paying for them, and my share of the community taxes will increase.
Debate on the Benefits of Reading Books.	a typical argument would be how much more engaging a book is because you are using your imagination to form scenes and develop characters, but i think readers generally take that concept to a level that simply does not exist.	it is only the book and you and nothing else.
Ethics in Criminal Justice and Healthcare Professions	an unjust action by a police officer can take years to sort out in court/jail, just as an unethical decision by a nurse can be life threatening.	criminal justice what would count as a  relevant  field ? why should not the same be asked of police officers ? nurses save lives, and so do police officers.
Artists selling their art.	even established actors or comedians should not be doing commercials.	you are putting artists on a pedestal where aside from the few greats they really should not be.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	the flaw in this is that you assume greed is static, without respect to if greed were to be variable.
The ethics of piracy and its impact on producers.	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	but that still misses the point entirely : who cares about advertising if all you are doing is advertising it to people who are not going to pay anyway ? the idea is to make money not get facebook  willikes.
Storage of Information by Search Engines	thirdly, all information no matter how irrelevant or relevant should be stored by search engines.	do you know how much information is out there ? why is it the search engine is responsibility to store it ?.
Non-monetary ways of providing for others.	please, give me an example of something that provides for others which does not run on money.	you can think of money as exchangeable human effort.
Abstraction in Communication	any form of communication with at least one layer of abstraction.	does this count as art ? funny story: in highschool a friend of mine was working on cs homework in an english class.
Impact of Ridesharing on Immigrant Taxi Drivers.	finally, ridesharing is taking jobs away from hard working immigrants who come to north america specifically to drive cabs.	for this exact reason uber cars are not going to ever put taxis out of business.
The effects of mustard gas in warfare.	assume that mustard gas is only used on the battlefield and does not spread to other areas such as civilian areas.	i ca not assume that, because it is not correct.
Organic farming and GMOs.	i would be most people who often buy organics are also against gmos, which means that organic farmers have to make environmental compromises in order to satisfy their customers.	unfortunately, most of the people spending money a week for two people at whole foods have no idea what the labels  actually mean  from a practical standpoint.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	significant parts of our technology are based on rare earths, and like petroleum, we have no alternatives.
Gender Bias in Media Representation.	so my question is:why are women allowed to have female centered mediums with biased views on men, but men are not ?	it is better to let women have it their way on these things.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	the same goes for homework.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	if you pirated one product, why would they have reason to believe you would buy the next ? it increases the chances that i will speak about it to people i know.
Arguments for applying gay marriage to other practices.	i think the arguments that are used to support gay marriage can be directly applied to the other two practices mentioned.	incest opens up the opportunity for a parent to  groom  a child for marriage to them.
Monopoly's lack of skill and excessive randomness.	games full of randomness are too boring. like many american kids, i was often forced throughout my childhood to participate in  monopoly  games with my family.	from there you could start getting into more advanced games, but a lot of families never do which is a shame because skill based games are much more fun.
Selfishness and societal development.	i do not see any rational reason to put any importance into the development of society or improvement of anyone but your own wellfare, other than for the chemical release that you are rewarded with.	i do not see how you have differentiated between the reward of acting for someone else is benefit versus your own.
Impact of BitTorrent on music and media industries.	distributed networks are harder to do in every regard.	while not entirely decentralized in the strictest sense but really not too far from it bittorrent has caused seismic and probably permanent shifts in the music and media industries.
Gender pay gap.	i have seen a million studies that show women make less.	i have seen a million studies that show men make less.
Nazism and its impact on common people.	we don't have to have zero tolerance for nazis, there were a lot of moderate nazis.	people kill because they are crazy, not because of islam.
Gender and Advice Giving.	if you ask a man, however, you will get more useful advice.	what you have seemed to demonstrate is that someone who can articulate ideas is better at giving advice than someone who ca not.
Gender identity and anatomy.	the things that define what a  aman  is is essentially a penis, and likewise, a vagina for a woman anatomically and scientifically .	i was born into the male sex and i identify as a man.
Challenges of mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.	why are we trying to push btc mainstream ?	btc is not.
Misunderstandings about the meaning of equality.	anyways in trying to understand why these discussions so often breakdown i came to the conclusion that what one person considers equal another does not.	it does not matter if you are male or female, if you are driving drunk it is a crime and you will be charged.
Impact of BitTorrent on music and media industries.	distributed networks are harder to do in every regard.	you then design an application that works in a decentralized manner, finding other peers and verifying things to satisfaction among those peers when needed   harder to implement client server is only easier because it is been around longer.
Echo chambers and belief in rumors on boards.	on boards you will find echo chambers where people are more prone to believe rumors than proof.	it does not mean it is actually affecting you.
Love as a social construct and primal instincts.	true, but maybe that is because love itself is a social construct ?	fuck and populate.
Batman's branding and theme.	branding; that is why all of batman is gadgets are so heavily bat themed, and in the earlier versions of batman even had a bat prefix.	uses his own funds to protect the public and gets nothing in return , and he has the ability to stop being batman and living a peaceful, luxurious life as a billionaire playboy, but chooses to put his time and money into protecting the innocent, to risk his life for no money, no fame, nothing in return.
The aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	the symbol held no meaning to their current life, and even though it was applicable when they got it, the feeling fizzled out after a few years.
Subjectivity in Art and Music Valuation	in the marketplace, art is value tends not to be based on the amount of time taken to create it.	look at a standard grading rubrick for art or music and you will see a whole load of objectivity.
Success in a field despite lack of skill or talent.	case in point, eazy e became a famous rapper even touring the white house doing something he was terrible at.	i would say you are entire argument is spot on for the pop side of things.
Nazism and its impact on common people.	we don't have to have zero tolerance for nazis, there were a lot of moderate nazis.	people who joined the nazi party because of legal, financial and professional benefits instead of ideological conviction.
The ethics of guaranteeing certain rights for all people.	saying that  being given x is a guaranteed right for all people  is the same as saying that  people can be forced to provide x for someone  which to me seems like a type of morally justified slavery.	there is a superficial similarity when phrased in a specific way but it lacks the fundamental identifying features of slavery and especially it lacks the morally outrageous features of slavery.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	these people have always existed though.
Dieting and Exercise vs. Regulating Caloric Intake	i do not care about being right i care about losing weight, and i never wanna do yoga again !	if you get into an exercise routine, it will be easier to keep weight off in the long run.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	you are expected to learn the material yourself if you are gone.
Abortion and Fetal Personhood.	the crux of the argument is whether the fetus is a person.	actually, not really.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	we all get together, sail around in some circles, play pretend war, blow some shit up, and get together for a few beers.
Human Free Will and Limitations Compared to God	because god is totally free, so are humans.	so why does it follow that humans would have any attribute of god ? did not cain take abel is right to life ?.
Marriage and Children's Success: Correlation or Causation?	children do best when their parents are married.	in other words, legalizing divorce would be expected to increase the average health of marriages, because the unhealthy ones stop existing, and then they do not bring the average down.
Maturity on Reddit and Mental Health Support.	reddit often is not mature enough to deal with those kinds of posts.	if that sort of thing was banned, i would be dead right now.
Environmental impact of personal lifestyle choices.	or explain to me how replacing my light bulbs impacts oil subsidies or going vegetarian changes industrial farming practices.	by doing what you can now you are already taking your responsibility, promoting the solutions as normal and feasible to other people, and are signaling that there is a market for energy efficient appliances.
Prevention of unhealthy habits.	a smoker working on preventing kids from lighting up is probably right, and even might have a deep insight on the matter.	the person would not be a real gambler if he recognized that investment was better for a person.
***Employer's view on a certain topic.	i am still confused as to why an employer would care ?	swastikas or tastelessly erotic images then why should an employer intentionally not hire an individual who is expressing themselves through body modification ? express yourself, but not on the employers time.
Driving safety and emergency vehicle awareness.	not being able to hear emergency vehicles coming.	just about every modern cell phone has tty capability.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	humans fight.
Requirements for driving on public roads.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	second, bicycles cause essentially no wear and tear on the roads.
Advantages and limitations of using tablets for reading.	a tablet saves trees, carbon dioxide, etc, but reducing the amount of paper that would normally be printed out.	if you write in pen on a piece of paper it will always stay there, no matter what.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	a student can be  objectively  in the wrong and the professor is suddenly no longer a professor, he is suddenly spending all his time coddling parents, responding to lawyers, etc.
Blurring of sci-fi/fantasy events with alternative lifestyle events.	sci fi/fantasy events are no longer particularly visually different from alternative lifestyle events, despite theoretically having little to do with that.	why ? because that shit is not tolerated within that community, and if anyone tries it, they will get massive social disapproval as well as con officials coming down on them.
Rights and Restrictions on Human Movement and Control.	i do not see how one of group of humans has the right to restrict another human is movement and intimately control their life.	but the defence of  rights  which i generally hold to be an unhelpful concept anyway URL has to rely on violence of some sort.
Alcohol policy on campus.	kegs are not allowed on campus so we just have to spend more money on beer.	yes most college students are adults and yes universities are not legal guardians, but that does not mean that colleges ca not make rules as to what their students/student groups can or ca not do while enrolled at the school.
Views on Joining the US Armed Forces During Iraq War	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	however, a large portion of the military join to support themselves or their family, or get out of debt, or get an education, and simply feel they have no other choice to accomplish these goals.
The role of the government in business and society.	society needs rich people to look up to.	they are not skilled or competitive enough to survive otherwise.
Limitations of the current education system.	so, a society has more to gain by exploiting their potential than that of the average student.	check out this ted talk about khan academy URL that really points out how our concept of education and gifted students is far from reality.
Limitations of scientific evidence and research studies.	anything not backed by scientific evidence or at least deemed possible or credible is ridiculed.	could you bring yourself to give up beef for insects ? there is always more at play than just  willogic.
Police shooting of Michael Brown.	michael brown was selected at random by the officer.	most likely because he was with arms reach of his squad car and then murdered to serve as an example.
Possessiveness in relationships.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	behaved in what way ? you have not even explained how she behaved, you just espoused your little boy crush on her and then complained that some weird fantasy in your head did not live up to reality.
Importance of Clear Communication in Homework Instructions.	homework is about communicating that you know the material and can obtain a correct solution to a problem.	if this is a consistent problem for you, it is quite clear you need to adjust the directions.
Criticism of polyamorous relationships.	polyamory just seems like a rather immature way to have a relationship with.	women and men fucked back in the primal ages because that is what we are wired to do.
Racial profiling and discrimination by police.	but if the same policeman finds a black kid with facial tattoos, a thick accent and pants around his knees we see that kid go to jail.	if you show up in court looking like that, most people will assume you are trouble.
Opposition to same-sex displays at weddings.	i would be extremely uncomfortable seeing men/women dancing/kissing people of the same sex at the wedding.	simply make it clear that you are hoping for a calm and tasteful wedding and that  nobody  regardless of gender or orientation will be welcome if they cannot respect the other guests.
Criticism of environmental hypocrisy regarding private jet usage.	there is no hypocrisy, because no one is advocating the ban of private jets.	big scale economic and global policy is needed, because the problem is trillions of times bigger than one guy and his yacht if it is too much trouble for one guy and his yacht to care about the environment, how can you expect an entire nation to care about the environment ? i have never heard them advocate the ban of yachts.
Opinions on clapping at the end of a performance.	please change my view so i can stop getting annoyed when a theatre full of people clap.	i clap for myself when i successfully complete a project.
Inaccuracies in the Gregorian calendar.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	even the developer of the hanke henry calendar claims that the gregorian calendar is extremely accurate, and the only thing he truly dislikes about it is day drift, meaning that april 1st is not always a tuesday or what have you.
Men's redundancy in reproduction.	furthermore, reproductively, almost every man on earth has become redundant.	the idea that every woman gets to reproduce but that only the most desirable men do is simply not true.
Religion and the concept of God.	if god created us in his image, why is he considered good when we are a violent species ?	you cannot understand supernatural things like you understand natural things.
Legalization of Racism and its Impact on Free Market	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	you want to know why a latino, for instance, would want to live in a world that condones racism.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	the industry ca not self regulate as we are already seeing.
Perception of police by law-abiding citizens.	for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	and they do that because they are trained to do that.
Stress of falling behind in school or work.	if you miss a few days, you end up fighting an uphill battle which makes all of your work worse as you try to both catch up on missed assignments and keep up with incoming ones.	if you are not capable of handling a heavy workload, do not take a heavy workload.
Blaming voters for a government's wrong law.	the government passes a law that is clearly  wrong .	you can change the political system peacefully, but you simply choose not to.
Anti-immigrant sentiment and violence.	southern republicans often spout rhetoric about shooting immigrants on sight.	it is an understandable fear.
Gender-neutral bathrooms and potential concerns.	as trans/queer gendered people are coming out and becoming more accepted, distinguishing between two genders for the bathroom just reinforces a gender binary that could potentially alienate them.	i personally do not want to risk seeing some man is penis when i am using the bathroom.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if we all obeyed them, traffic would come to a crawl.	actually if everyone drove the same speed  / a few mph traffic would run flawlessly.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	however on a social, emotional or mental front i think that you just lack the experience with gamers to understand that not all of them are social hermits.
Grading in Maths and Science.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	in physics and higher level math the right answer is very important.
Testing Ideas in Physics	ideas in physics are much easier to test.	higgs boson touches on another point, that physics does produce new knowledge.
Achievement and Taking Action	what would  wouldoing my best  achieve that i do not already have ?	but i do not.
The value of life and abortion.	there is a reason life was listed first, if you do not have a right to your life, you ca not have a right to anything else.	what is so special about fetuses ? there is two things that grant american citizenship.
Flaws of a non-democratic system.	the  people  in such a system no longer have the power, which is what a democracy is supposed to be.	you are right, special interests have got very organised and clever which has made them more powerful.
Refugee right of return and possible solutions.	I don't think refugees have the right of return.	arguably the single nation directly responsible for the refugees themselves.
Public transportation coverage during off-peak hours.	questionable coverage at other than peak commute times.	anecdotally, i will tell you that my experience with rideshare apps has been  categorically better  than my experience with cabs.
Reliability of Police Testimony.	i believe police testimony is no different and no more reliable than any other regular citizen is testimony.	so i am not sure why you want this opinion changed since technically this is the ideal stance expected of jurors.
Gender inequality and consumerism.	men are the overwhelming consumers, and women are the overwhelming workers.	in a theoretical situation with full gender equality, the gender asymmetry your argument is based on could quite easily not exist.
Criticism of Anime Tropes and Historical Context.	i find the tropes of anime very inane, everyone looks the same, people are too serious or too wacky, the animation is clunky same expressions , the subject matter is very bizarre and i ca not stand most of the characters.	it was this which brought down the cost of making anime to lower than live action, which surged its popularity.
Bandwidth usage and incentives for streaming sites.	netflix and major bandwidth sites do not have much of an incentive to lower their bandwidth because of all this.	how is it fair that the netflix user has to pay more than me even though i am the one using more bandwidth ? a better solution would be that each user has to pay more if they use too much bandwidth, regardless of the website they use.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	i am with you that we should probably change the system and how it works, but i must ultimately conclude that at this point in time, our ssns are sensitive and must be protected.
Stress and fear of failure in academics.	the thought of a bad grade on homework which should be helping us learn is just stress that we might fail and be punished for life because of it.	i would go further and argue that the absence of grades would remove tangible goals for the students, which could lower motivation.
Pickup truck usage.	most of the pickup trucks i saw where not carrying a massive load, there was just a person in the truck.	for this reason, having at least some of the people in our group have vehicles with a large amount of storage space is very useful.
Importance of taking a day off on your birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	i still enjoy being the  star  of the day.
The limitations of identifying as a feminist ally.	if i identify as a feminist ally and mainstream feminism decides to go off the deep end, my ally status nevertheless shackles me to a movement over which i have no influence.	as others have pointed out in this thread, i have not really ever heard of someone identifying as a feminist ally, why not just be a feminist ? for an lgbt ally though, the implied outsourcing of moral reasoning is purposeful.
Gifted Education in Societies with Intellectualism Promotion	societies that promote intellectualism ought to promote gifted programs.	that should be done outside the public education system because we, as a society, do not directly gain anything for more a   students.
The effectiveness of tariffs in reducing importation.	i think other methods of reducing importation would either create a black market or be horribly inefficient.	URL putting a tariff in place will hurt consumers, and export oriented businesses.
Resistance to change in technology and media consumption.	saying that videos have to maintain the old ways is borderline curmudgeonly.	there are situations where a portrait video makes more sense, e.
Ad-blocking and website content access agreement.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	if ads as the only source of income are so unreliable, then they should seek other means of income than seeking the pity card.
Parasitic Strategies in Politics and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	an unemployed or underpaid american citizen is one less that a rich person can profit from.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	if someone is wearing a coat or is moving quick enough to only allow a single dart contact then the taser wo not work.
Kant's Categorical Imperative and Atomicity in Actions.	but none of the maxims address the atomicity of the action why must not apply the categorical imperative to the action of telling a murderer where the children are ?	that is why the imperative is  categorical  and not  hypothetical.
Comparison of rap lyrics to other genres.	there are plenty of examples given from rappers who are very conscious and clever, but even those hardly ever say anything i feel holds a candle to good lyrics from other genres.	in rap, a greater proportion of ones attention is focused on the actual words that the rapper is raping.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	with no ultimate universal ethical authority, i believe that a person is only obliged to do whatever pleases him/her not necessarily short tem .	according to ethical egoism, denying the execution of them means denying my pleasure and that is wrong.
The Value of Time and Effort Over Monetary Gifts.	i also add that i personally value the gift of time and effort above most monetary gifts because that is something that everyone values about the same.	so i might even argue that wealthy people value time more than most people.
Criticism of the Last Republican President's War Actions.	the last republican president started two wars that killed thousands of americans and hundreds of thousands of foreigners.	you ca not sit there and blame one without blaming the other.
License requirements in residential zones.	licenses should not have to be required for residential zones.	not so true with a bike.
Comparison between beer and wine.	there are more things you can vary with beer than you can with wine.	there are plent of things you can vary with wine.
Responsibility to inform about infidelity.	as a continuation, i believe the right thing for c to do is to inform b of a is infidelity regardless.	like you said, the right thing to do is to have a or yourself to tell b of what is going on.
The Value of Time and Effort Over Monetary Gifts.	i also add that i personally value the gift of time and effort above most monetary gifts because that is something that everyone values about the same.	the bigger the sacrifice, the more generous the person.
Gender equality in accountability for actions while intoxicated.	, if a man is held responsible for his actions while intoxicated should not a woman be as well.	what do you mean by protected ? if equal rights were the norm, we would not need protection.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	but they all had a huge impact on us today.
Views on the sustainability of relationships and their endings.	there is no way a relationship between two people can last and the people in that relationship actually remain happy and content with the relationship and each other.	the ending of an experience is just that.
Capital punishment and morality.	murder and inequality are naturally occurring phenomenons.	it is punishable by death in many places, because taking another person is life is believed to be wrong and immoral.
Advantages of eidetic memory and recording devices.	after all, people with eidetic memory are allowed to roam the streets.	consequently, the records alice would take with this would be treated like her memories: nobody cares about traditional  memory  because they lack the permanence and level of detail as a recording device.
Password security and malware infection.	ideally, passwords should not be reused, and a formula should be used to generate unique passwords for each account you have.	this could potentially wreak havoc on your life.
Belief in God and the Need for Evidence	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	you ca not assume that there are only two outcomes to that question or that it is even a dilemma, and still call yourself logical.
Mental health and counseling	i do not see any reason why i should not want this.	if you do not get that checked, it can bite you in the ass a decade down the line, probably before you made your goal.
Pacifism as an Approach to Dealing with Terrorism.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	because it is the only approach that is going to work.
Gymnastics requires mastery of precision and form.	though other sports include the use of precision and form as well, gymnastics requires one to master these skills.	edit  in this case the sport also has a heavy aspect of discovering the perfect moves instead of having a short list of allowed/possible moves.
Swiss-like foreign policy and government services.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	our policies are as much to keep those at bay as they are to promote us.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	if you are from a first world country, the powers the government has against you have been steadily curtailed.
Belief in God and personal stance on religion.	i mean god as a supreme being/entity who is all knowing, all powerful, and created the universe.	well, first we need to define a scope for  all knowing/powerful   does this just imply in the scope of our universe, or does this have to extend to whatever other multiverses may exist ? it is entirely possible for a being to be all knowing and all powerful within a certain universe that exists within the one they reside in; i am all knowing and all powerful in my d world where i have console commands on.
The pursuit of happiness.	if i surpass any previous accomplishment by any other human, or spend all my days watching spanish soap operas and eating chips i do not speak spanish , the end result is the same: oblivion.	you should do what makes you happy.
Gender Bias in Media Representation.	so my question is:why are women allowed to have female centered mediums with biased views on men, but men are not ?	i still do not see women playing sports with men, very few can serve in the infantry, why is this even an issue ? i think it is.
Conspiracy theories and jumping to conclusions.	but unless you try to find an explanation, do not jump up to easy conclusion.	often the conspiracy theory is  not  the easy conclusion.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	i am almost never impeding traffic, in fact, i find that vehicles impede me more than anything.
Perception of gift value based on giver's income.	many people are wowed by the amounts of zeros present in the gift and forget that proportionately to the giver is income, the gift may have been piddling.	one thing i have struggled with, and the left wing is severely more guilty, is why demanding free stuff from rich people, or government, is not greedy.
Accuracy of Mundane News Stories.	but these stories take up an inappropriate amount of space in the public impression of the media, and are hugely outnumbered by the mundane stories the press gets more or less right.	these are all examples of the news reprinting text received elsewhere.
Inefficiency of Government Spending and Vouchers.	from the government is perspective, money is also being spent inefficiently.	vouchers and stamps seem like a silly waste of time and money that are only around because they sound like a good idea to voting baby boomers.
The right to privacy and surveillance.	to me, essentially there is no right to privacy in itself, just right to private thoughts, free actions, and private property which surveillance would not and does not change.	can we admit that there is  some  right to privacy ? you certainly are not saying that you are fine with the government throwing a camera into each room of your home are you ? i am not trying to split hairs but a claim for an absolute lack of privacy seems excessive.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	once you start pirating, then the producer has zero opportunity to sell you their product since you now own what they were trying to sell you.
The Purpose of Human Existence	we are machines made for fucking to make more machines.	it gets better you know.
Canceled plans and disappointment in friend's priorities.	well we made plans to hang out one night and she flaked on me.	some people just want casual sex.
Opinions on Porsche cars.	a porsche is also a lot more fun to drive.	the guys with trucks are the guys you know you can call on to help you move, to pull you out of a ditch or snowbank, etc.
Comparison of Classical Liberalism and Conservatism.	classical liberalism is a philosophy of limited government and personal liberty.	someone saying they are a feminist means they have spent time examining and engaging with and those issues in the context of that philosophical tradition.
The discomfort of oral sex.	giving head is trading your discomfort for your lover is pleasure.	if that is the case, you have a right to draw a line there.
Responsibility for Preventing Crime and Supporting Individuals.	if people can finish school, find a job, have a hobby, they will not commit a crime.	some people really can not get a job. when people say  i had nothing else to do  are not trying to shift blame, rather they are explaining why they did it.
The impact of a child's self-perception on their development.	a child growing up thinking he is less important than everyone else could be just as, if not more, damaging than a child growing up thinking he is more important than everyone else.	so, in this sense, are parents implying that everyone must tolerate their decisions as if they do not have a choice ? this reminds me of someone telling me to be more  patient  as they hold the line up to continue shopping.
The concept of desktop user interface.	what is that supposed to be a visual metaphor for, for pete is sake ?	people can move their files into folders based on how they want to organise things, and move the folders around the desk/desktop to places they will remember to look.
Author's credibility or intentions.	over all, i believe the author is not just  another reader .	do you actually feel that neither way of reading is any more correct than the other ? if so, how do you reconcile that opinion with statements like these ? what is that word  should  doing there ? if there is no one  right  way to interpret anything, how can it make any sense to tell people that they  should  interpret literature in one way rather than another ? what if i want to treat her as one when talking about her work ? if doing so allows me to have an interesting conversation, what argument can you make against reading in that way ? how so ?.
Censorship and Hate Speech.	speech that is hateful, bigoted, and just terrible should be made illegal.	getting a chance to ask a well known hate group questions is a good opportunity to learn.
Advancing freedom of decision in diverse societies.	now, according to the advances we have in terms of technology and more scientific fields i think we need to advance a lot in terms of freedom of decision.	according to you, a technologically advanced society does not need religion.
Oppressive quotas and abuse of fundamental rights.	oppressive methods of quotas and such result in abuse of people is fundamental rights.	no doubt, the less hatred, the better.
Anti-abortion argument and its weakness.	the chief anti abortion argument is that fetuses are alive.	fetuses are alive, but so are both grown humans and cockroaches.
Capitalism vs. Communism	we are capitalist by nature, thus communism is impossible.	firstly, i doubt financial gain is the main motivator of human action.in fact, i think people would me more productive when free from the absolute imperative of work or capital accumulation.secondly, a communist society would most likely require  less  involvement work wise than capitalist society, meaning people do not need to contribute large stretch of their time to work.
Behavior and Genetics	maybe his genes influenced him, but that does not mean he is incapable of choosing his own actions.	educate yourself because this is so staggeringly wrong.
"Defending Racism and Discrimination in Society"	tell me why the society that condones racism is  better , especially for minorities.	while i am sure you would not  support  or  justify  this kind of racism, i am also sure you would support my right to interact with whoever i wish and my right to let whoever i wish onto my private property.
Efficiency and Resource Usage Limitations.	in general we are becoming more efficient, and using less resources for the same tasks, as time progresses.	thus from then on chips will start getting bigger and bigger to pack in more and more transistors since you ca not make transistors any smaller.
Issues with the Penalty System in Sports.	the penalty itself lacks rationale, in that the offending player is simply victim of the laws of physics and momentum.	on the other end is where a defender purposefully launches themselves at the kicker.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	not all women want either thing.
Theological beliefs regarding the nature of man and God.	but what changes by adding god to the picture ?	not all life is made in god is image, i.
NBA's entertainment value vs. offering opportunities for shorter players.	while some, even the majority of, people will always prefer the nbas entertainment value, there is little to be lost by offering the vertically challenged a chance to strut their stuff.	there are enough challenges that i do not think it has a chance without there being substantial demand for it, and i am skeptical that such a demand exists at any level.
Treatment of drug addiction as a public health issue.	i think that drug addiction should be treated as a public health issue rather than a criminal problem.	if people on welfare are  required  and  proven  to be drug free, how would that contribute to the view that they are druggies ? with required testing, you can no longer call them druggies.
Efficiency and Resource Usage Limitations.	in general we are becoming more efficient, and using less resources for the same tasks, as time progresses.	since there are more of us, our energy needs are actually increasing.
Leadership and Sociopathy.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	sociopaths in power only function so long as they have some organization they can leach from.
Hospital Checkups and Physicals	I think regular hospital checkups are a consumption trap.	the dentist can detect cavities before you do, the audiologist can help determine a baseline for hearing so you can identify when things are starting to change, the ophthalmologist can ensure your sight does not deteriorate before you do anything about it.
The negative effects of video games on social life.	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	i realize that i may not be able to easily connect with these people socially because we do not share a common interest, but even in watching the interaction of those who i know to play video games on a daily basis with others there is noticeable discomfort when they speak with people they do not know.
Unhealthy lifestyle habits and misconceptions about food intake.	i would eat massive amounts of junk food, never get exercise, and basically use my computer all day during my free time.	you cannot change the laws of physics, people get fat because calories in   calories out.
Debate on the feasibility of ancap utopia.	the only difference between the ancap utopia and our own world is that, in the ancap society, everyone nearly homogeneously believes in ancap principles, asides from a few troublemakers.	we blend in by following their rules in the open, but behind closed doors we snub our noses at them.
The use of grades as a measure of personality factors.	i understand that grades also can be used to measure certain personality factors conscientiousness, ability to follow instruction, adherence to procedural norms which all debatable might be as important as understanding the material.	ultimately you need to learn the subject matter at the relevant time homework , learn to apply it to long form problems and work on those with others group projects and be able to put it all together at the end of the semester/year exams.
The flaws of the electoral college system and local elections.	i think the electoral college system sucks balls.	my town is electing a commissioner, a sheriff and filling two council seats.
Echo chambers and belief in rumors on boards.	on boards you will find echo chambers where people are more prone to believe rumors than proof.	reddit is just as anonymous and that is not the case here.
Men's desire for sex and prostitution.	one reason i believe this, is that men patronize prostitutes in significant numbers and men are willing to trade things of real value like money in order to get sex.	there are however many instances where women sacrifice to a large degree for a complex of emotional/physical attachment.
Criticism of Private Prison System and Property Rights Enforcement.	do not even get me started on the private prison system in the us.	i still find it hard to believe that people can suggest privatizing military forces while these pillaging assholes are still in business.
The practicality of women wanting men to have cars.	i believe that, for most women, wanting a man to have a car is not a matter of superficiality, but practicality.	a relationship is about inspiring, complementing, supporting and giving.
Restaurant guides and their grading process.	that is a lot of power to give to something that ultimately says nothing at all about the restaurant.	even a sample of one, is still a sample of one and says something about the restaurant.
Ray Rice's suspension from the NFL.	so i heard an interesting opinion about the ray rice situation, so he assaulted his fiance, and when the video of that got leaked, public outrage caused him to be suspended from the nfl permanently.	this helps the victim rationalize even further, and makes them more willing to forgive and forget.
Challenges faced by atheists in society.	no one knows what your religious views are unless you tell them.	this really is not  shouting loudly , it is admitting something unwillingly, sometimes under duress.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	my father ca not take vacation days whenever he wants, because he is in charge of many projects that sometimes  require  his attention.
Criticism of polyamorous relationships.	polyamory just seems like a rather immature way to have a relationship with.	there is nothing wrong with  avoiding commitment  or  being indecisive  if everyone involved in on board with it.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	as far as the debates go, i have stopped trying to prove or disprove god is existence.
Challenges with Arab Muslim perceptions of Westerners.	i understand that not all arabic muslims want my head on a platter, but enough do to constantly have struggles over there.	other western nations can, i am sure, figure out cheaper and more reasonable options than militarily engaging and invading  countries.
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	a better analogy is with a safe purchase a house in a good neighborhood in a good housing market.
Importance of lectures and exams in academic performance.	the recommended textbook should only used as a study aid, not as a replacement for lectures.	they will fail not because they do not know the material but because they get too stressed out due to their entire course grades lying on how well they will do for the next  hours during the exam.
Religion and its impact on society.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	believing in something that is  wrong  is not a good thing.
Ray Rice's suspension from the NFL.	so i heard an interesting opinion about the ray rice situation, so he assaulted his fiance, and when the video of that got leaked, public outrage caused him to be suspended from the nfl permanently.	nbsp;  i am not so sure about the other point, do you think it is ok for women to still consider a relationship with a man who showed violence to them even once ? that is something that is unique to every individual situation, there is not one size fits all standard.
Experience of reading and editing on a computer.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	the large screen of my laptop   makes it much easier to read anything than the small screen available on any tablet.
The value of writing and existence.	my books would most likely just be lost to time and pointlessness, so why even bother ?	anyone who is excellent at doing something, except for that , are excellent because they did it all the time.
Definition of consciousness and its relation to subjective experience.	clarification of terms: i am using  consciousness  here to refer to any kind of subjectivity/awareness/interiority.	well first of all, how would i know that that is even possible, if i will  never know  it ? second, if it is possible, then that would still be separate consciousnesses, based on your definition.
Ad-blocking and website content access agreement.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	if i am truly obligated to view ads in order to view that site is content, then i would have had to accept such an agreement.
The limitations of God's abilities and the perspective of organisms.	god is supposedly all knowing, all present, and all powerful yet there are no organisms on earth that display physiological capacities to do the things that god can do.	we do not know of any being capable of perfect photographic memory, much less a being capable of th dimensional omniscience.
Advantages of eidetic memory and recording devices.	after all, people with eidetic memory are allowed to roam the streets.	when it comes to justice, any and all evidence available out to be used.
Rights and Restrictions on Human Movement and Control.	i do not see how one of group of humans has the right to restrict another human is movement and intimately control their life.	a serial killer must be prevented in some fashion from claiming further victims in order to defend people is right to life, for instance.
The importance of informed decision-making and avoiding indecision.	as one can make the most informed decision with all information and research that is available, why be rash.	many decisions routinely require action immediately, or sooner than possible to collect all relevant information.
Gun ownership as a solution to women's self-defense disadvantage.	on average, women are less capable at defending against a physical attack than their male counterparts.	by allowing all eligible citizens to access firearms you neutralise this disadvantage women have.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	how so ? if i purchase a big screen tv for myself, does that mean that i am ignoring the challenges that face the poor ? what if i also regularly give to charity as well ? is that still  ignoring the challenges that face the poor  ? as has been stated adequately already, throwing money at problems does not necessarily fix them.
Advantages of digital clocks over traditional clocks.	but those clocks have been in a decline for a long time now.	it is also much easier to just compare the difference between the current time on the minute hand and the time a train will leave with an analog clock than having to perform a mental calculation.
Sociopaths and Moral Quandaries	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	since the job of the government is to represent the will of the people, and society tends to value compassion and empathy, the leader should be able to express such values.
Nazism and its impact on common people.	we don't have to have zero tolerance for nazis, there were a lot of moderate nazis.	yes, there were a lot of moderate nazis.
Parasitic Strategies in Politics and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	the rich and powerful cannot stay that way without an effective government.
Representation and Diversity in Art and Culture.	artistically, women are depicted as objects of beauty and desire, people is of color are barely depicted at all and white men are the creators of art.	i find the idea that this shows racism, to be a dubious claim at best.
Availability of PDF editing apps on tablets.	ipad and android tablets and i assume whatever the heck microsoft is is have very solid apps for editing pdfs.	you can easily bring in quotes if you are organized in real life.
Banking practices and their impact on society.	how banks often seek to profit from things that do not really add value to society futures, derivatives, etc.	i just feel that the current ratio of harm/benefit is unacceptable do you have specific metrics you look at, and measurements for those metrics ? i believe that by choosing to work for a bank we are implicitly validating a certain way of doing business all doctors validate our healthcare system simply by working ? e:  by  evilness  i mean making money from something that is harmful to society.
The War on Christmas and Exclusion.	the most offensive part of the  war on christmas  is one group trying to exclude all others.	in principle i completely agree.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	one issue you are having is you are thining of science as a type of god.
Society's stance on punishment for criminals.	the most we can do is agree as a society that we do not want certain kinds of people in our society.	i agree that not all  criminals  actually deserve to be locked up drug users for example , but you are saying that we should not lock up murderers and rapists.
One-state solution and annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the one state solution, palestinians, would have a  right to vote  on israeli policies.	i believe that israel has no right to explicitly support a single ethnicity or religion.
The Dark Side of Black Culture and Racism.	c more and more people are acting blacker.	rachet  and  twerk  are a generational thing and not a black thing.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	are they inside their own lines ? if yes, then you can largely forget the cars.
Misinformation about suicide.	these kinds of posts are easy to fake for attention.	that is great that you know what every suicidal person is going through and what they would do.
The impact of creating separate museums on American unity.	creating a separate museum just intensifies feelings of separateness.	in the case of a very large or distinct minority like african americans, you might see the wisdom of an entire chapter or two.
Religious justifications for violence in literature.	what other fashion can you justify genocide, bigotry and forced conversion other than proclaiming that your message is about peace and love ?	there are thousands or millions of so called  true believers  who behave in an objectively un christlike fashion.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	people are hungry to believe things.
Doubt about human and animal evolution based on biblical beliefs.	i do not believe; however, that humans are direct descendents of any species, and i do not believe that birds and dogs for example had any common ancestor.	would it not then hold that  homo erectus  would be more viable than various forms of primates ? why would  homo erectus  go extinct before these primates ? i would be willing to consider it and would even appreciate it; although, i feel that the more important issues for me are the issues with the common ancestor and the extinction of  homo erectus.
Bandwidth needs in the commercial marketplace.	now, i know there are some people with big bandwidth requirements those doing some major file sharing, or maybe needing a big pipe for a vpn to work.	but i think that in the commercial marketplace, that is a small percentage.
Limitations of Scientific Knowledge.	there is a lot that we know about the world because of science, but we cannot say for sure that we know everything about our own existence.	from the atheist position, there is not enough evidence for a creator.
Advantages of using vans for moving compared to pickup trucks.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	with a pickup, i can easily have all of these sort of things in the bed which both prevents them from stinking up the cab and makes it easy to clean up after they are gone.
Batman's Mass Assault on Bane and the Consequences	in dkr batman organizes a mass assault on bane, knowing the police are using guns, and bane is troops are using guns, which leads to a lot of deaths.	if you knock someone out and they do not wake up in a few minutes, then you have done serious damage and they very well could die.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	the    interests are they exact same interests as everyone else is, to further their wealth, well being, and prosperity as they understand it.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	life requires money.
The discomfort of oral sex.	giving head is trading your discomfort for your lover is pleasure.	but maybe there is just something about performing oral sex that you  hate.
Artistic expression vs. Science and Technology.	i feel that most societies of the world focus far to much on artistic expressions such as dance, art, and music.	and yet the past hundred and ten years or so have seen a completely unprecedented explosion of science and tech that shows no sign of slowing down anytime soon.
Social anxiety and difficulty with romantic relationships.	i had no courage to even talk to a girl i had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.	it is not original or new, it is not some grand epiphany.
Violence and Self-Defense.	but once violence happens, walking away simply is not an option anymore.	there are of course innocent victims of violence but that is what the courts are for.
The Definition of Sports and Extracurricular Activities.	now, for some reason, there has been a strange push in the last decade or so to define just about any and all extracurricular activities as sports, especially in high schools.	cheerleading is a great example of this.
Fear of Death and Its Impact on Decision Making	i used to be afraid of death, especially when i was a kid/teenager.	it seems perfectly reasonable to be afraid of death and not give it a second thought.
Contrasting views on cats' emotions towards humans.	cats feel no empathy, remorse or respect towards humans.	my cat is very affectionate   friendly and has comforted me when in pain.
Becoming a Military Doctor and Paying for Medical School.	my plan was to graduate college and join the ushs the military medical school and become and army doctor. i am also poor and medical school in the military from what i understand pays for smart kids.	in short, do not do it unless you are  committed to spending about a decade and a half in the military in a speciality that might not even necessarily be nsrgy.
Driving regulations and traffic flow.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	i have almost no impact on the road in terms of wear and tear.
Moral Authority of America	someone convince me that america still has some moral authority ?	that does not mean that the us cannot, or should not, point out violations of human rights in other capacities where they are more clearly in the right.
Criticism of Obama's handling of racial tensions.	i think people are very quick to judge someone is actions, obama is recent criticisms along with the martin, brown, and garner, as specific intentions of race baiting.	no, you are in it to inflate racial tensions and pit people against each other to keep racial conflicts going, so they came come to you for help, even though you caused the problem.
Subsidies for drivers and other modes of transportation.	hence everyone else, who has better things to do than drive everywhere, are forced to subsidize drivers in their irresponsible choices.	bicyclists and pedestrians do not pay any taxes or fees to use the roads.
Gender representation in video games.	the right to play as a female character in a certain game ?	think about any game that has been controversial URL and think that games in themselves are not a human right, so the content in the game cannot be a violation of rights.
Gun Training and Safety.	training should focus on both the legal framework regarding gun usage and proper shooting technique and gun maintenance.	sources i can find indicate that there are fewer than a thousand accidental gun deaths per year.
Non-consensual sharing of intimate photos.	i know some photos of random girls have to have been from a boyfriend or ex that were uploaded without the girl is permission.	also i do think that the people who looked at the photos also invaded her privacy.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	the systems we are a part of are too big for small groups of people to run and to make meaningful impacts consistently.
Clarifying the "not all men are like that" argument.	when someone says  not all men are like that , the correct response is to clarify, or admit to a factual error, and not to accuse the other side of  derailing , or  changing the subject .	if this is the correct interpretation of the statement, then the  not all  x  are like that  is not the appropriate response.
Body positivity and self-improvement for women.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	loving your body just means not hating it.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	i can create, i can destroy, i can erase existence from those things.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	i do not think it is possible for abrams to make a film that is more shallow than any film in the original trilogy unless he actively attempts to do so.
China's rise to global superpower despite oppression and censorship.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	trends only tell us what will happen  if the trend continues.
The chemical changes in the brain when becoming a parent.	when you become a parent, your brain chemistry changes and you biochemically become a completely different person.	some age restrictive activities are phased out, but this often coincides with maturing anyway   this is why parents can deal with baby is crying and pooping and general nastiness, because you are evolutionarily primed to love your child that much.
Pharmacies and Vaccinations.	the shot is a big way for the pharmacies to make their money from a virus that is not even relevant.	there are an average of about  influenza pandemics per century.
Media Bias and Fabrication of Events.	when media outlets have nothing better to do than say a reporter was inconvenienced by police i. e.	society rests on certain freedoms, and violations of freedom of the press are a threat to democracy.
Learning from reality TV shows.	lessons of trust, betrayal the art of deception can be learned from shows such as big brother and survivor.	if someone engages day to day live with the level of arrogance and judgmentalism displayed by gordon ramsay, they are not going to be very successful.
Racism and Reclaiming the Word "Nigger"	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	they have every right to feel sensitive.
The importance of appearance in first impressions.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	you do not have to have sex before you are comfortable doing so.
Atheism and Narrow-Mindedness.	i think that pushing your atheist beliefs is just as narrow minded as any religious belief.	what do you consider pushing atheist beliefs ? is demanding that evolution and the big bang be taught in school over genesis pushing our beliefs ? is complaining about religious propaganda being displayed on public buildings pushing our beliefs ? if having the gall to ask for proof of ones theistic beliefs, pushing our own ? i do not think so in any of these examples.
Marijuana legalization and police surveillance.	if i smoke marijuana i am infinitely more prone to danger from police then from anyone or anything else.	whether you believe that this should be a crime or not is another discussion, but if you are breaking the law it is the job of the police to enforce the law as it is written where you live.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	but donations to a charity are more a sign of that charity is fundraising efforts.
Criticism of Jefferson Davis and Robert E. Lee's Role in U.S. History	jefferson davis and robert e.  lee, lee especially, were directly responsible for the single worst crisis in u. s.	does not matter.
Dealing with a friend's personal problems.	i think her problems are due to her own issues, and its unreasonable for her to drag me into her own problems.	there is some stuff in your post that suggests to me that you are being dismissive of your sister and her experiences, though i do not know why:   she claims he is homophobic, racist, etc, and that he has posted hate speech openly on social media, well, if he is homophobic, racist, etc.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	we also need more and more farms to feed an ever growing population.
Pickup truck usage.	most of the pickup trucks i saw where not carrying a massive load, there was just a person in the truck.	for many people, it is important to have the option to carry a load if needed, but the rest of the time, the bed is relatively empty.
Historical wars worth arguing about	as far as i can tell those are the only two wars even worth arguing about.  but please cmw.	: why are you ignoring the war of  ? when american merchant sailors were kidnapped and pressed into service for the british against france.
Men's rights in abortion and financial obligations.	therefore, i believe that men should either have abortion rights, or the right to waive all financial obligations to his child while abortion is still an option.	that is all the rights women have: their own body.
Israeli response to Gaza invasion.	the invasion is terrorism designed to kill civilians and scare gaza into subservience.	what should israel do when hamas has promised to destroy the country and kill everyone inside its boarders ? when over  rockets have been fired in about a month ? when the discover a huge underground network of terror tunnels ? when hamas violates ceasefire after ceasefire ? do not say give back land because israel tried that in  when they pulled every israeli including jews out of gaza leaving greenhouses and other buildings to continue a strong flower exporting industry.
"Piracy in the Music Industry"	the music industry has brought piracy on itself.	although a logical assumption, this is not necessarily true.
Age requirements for military service and drinking.	i also believe that if you are old enough to serve your country and die in the military, you are sure as hell old enough to drink a beer.	but i also feel like  is too young to serve in the military.
Debate on American apathy towards soccer.	the constant stream of debate on the positives/negatives of association football as a sport have been the biggest driver behind american is apathy towards the sport.	you are actually arguing that if people talked about soccer less, then people would watch more games and care more ? i have plenty of us friends who are vocal about their love of soccer.
Discussion of the distinction between sex crimes and voyeurism.	what we have here is not a sex crime, but a technologically advanced version of a peeping tom.	but at current, downloading a bunch of bits if the right bunch is as much a sex crime as raping someone.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	i also recognize that ethics and personal values are highly subjective.	let is assume that i have a very strong desire to execute each and every criminal because i derive pleasure from it.
Wedding ring expenses.	the idea that you should spend half or more of a yearly income on a wedding ring is the most disgusting financial advice i have ever heard.	the  years before i started saving for the ring i was putting that money into a different savings account so i could have  months of an emergency fund.
Distracted driving and communication barriers.	not being able to call for help if their car breaks down.	just about every modern cell phone has tty capability.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	challenge all your students.
Inherent cognitive biases and misinterpretation of data.	i cannot be sure that i am not inherently designed in a way that forces me to believe falsehoods and misinterpret experiential data.	as a matter of fact, you are.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	loss is a part of life and not a single person looks forward to it.
Advantages and limitations of using tablets for reading.	a tablet saves trees, carbon dioxide, etc, but reducing the amount of paper that would normally be printed out.	custom made notes and things made on pdfs have a non negligible chance to bug out, to lose entire sections, to completely reset.
Criticism of Private Prison System and Property Rights Enforcement.	do not even get me started on the private prison system in the us.	lack of equal enforcement of property rights for a country you just took over ? corruption/negligence.
The existence of supernatural beings and their paradoxes.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	existed always.
Limitations and safety concerns of self-driving cars.	if a self driving car is slower than the rest of traffic, or gets caught up on a branch that falls into the roadway, or fails to navigate a construction site, or slams on its brakes because a trash bag drifted in front of it.	you do not have to make the jump from  manual to  automatic.
Content distribution and fees for traffic load.	traffic heavy content distributors pay a fee because that is how infrastructure and traffic load work, and if you do not pay, the law kicks in with penalties .	distributors have very little control over where their content is accessed from, and no control over which isps people subscribe to and how much they value their bandwidth.
Suppressors and firearm noise reduction.	contrary to what video games tell you, suppressors do not make a firearm completely silent.	their main purpose is to reduce hearing damage and noise pollution.
White Privilege and Racism	statements like  white people ca not experience racism  are obviously bunk; tell that to the polish guy who got glassed and facially disfigured by a drunk woman in my town on the basis of his identity.	and in places where they are, it is largely because they are excluded from the ruling class and not considered  white  for political purposes.
Feasibility of a classless society and job distribution.	proponents of a classless society: how do you realistically see the society functioning so that the  hard  jobs are not all vacant ?	almost all jobs are  hard  if you do not have the skills to do them, and conversely: a job that the vast majority of untrained people could not do would be relatively  easy  to someone with years of training and experience.
Scotland's potential independence and its impact on the UK's military.	well, first of all, the uk, currently the fourth largest military power in the world and a country that has a permanent seat on the un security council would be decimated in its strength.	let is suppose that scotland would match in terms of % of gdp it is military expenditures with, say norway the scots tend to want a nordic style government, so i think it is a fair rough estimate of what they would spend on their military , or  of gdp.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	i would say, property originates in conquest, not homesteading, hence it is originally the collective property of the victors of wars.
Vegetarianism and Animal Rights	the way we treat all animals are simply ignored by vegetarians.	the point is to minimize your impact, not eliminate it.
Racial profiling and discrimination by police.	but if the same policeman finds a black kid with facial tattoos, a thick accent and pants around his knees we see that kid go to jail.	can you list out the names of all the kids of all the big companies or government representatives offhand ? of course not, neither can the cops.
Airline seat reclining policy.	i feel that i paid for a seat that reclines, and i also paid to sit in a seat where the one in front of me reclines as well.	this would be far preferable to simply slamming your chair back because you think it is within your rights to do so.
Categorization and Evolution of LGBTQIA+ Terminology.	for all the talk of social construction of gender, there seems to be a lot of focus on categorizing every single ways one can identify, lgtb has evolved into lgtbqia .	those are simply terms referring to the general treatment of particular groups.
The decline of language expression in society.	people have no need to express themselves anymore.	if not for computers and texting,  lol  and  lmao  would be replaced by  that is funny  and  that is hilarious.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	why did not you intervene ? why did not you tell us about the warning signs ? why did not you break laws and have my son committed ? by the time i am done answering questions and defending myself with the law, the semester will be over.
The complexity and physical demands of baseball.	as for mental capacity, baseball is an extremely complex sport.	much of the complexity is drilled and beaten into the athletes  muscle memories so that they do not have to think when the time comes.
Gender roles and slut-shaming.	because the man is doing the work, the idea of the slut is perpetuated by  allowing  males to sleep with them, so in a world where the norm is that men and women put in equal work when courting, there could be no sluts.	what about women who actively court a man she likes ? slut.
Effect of vegetarian options vs humane meat in restaurants.	second, an individual not eating meat makes zero difference, almost.	if everyone in the world went vegetarian, would that affect the number of animals killed ? i would argue the answer is pretty obviously yes.
Modern art and its connection to meaning.	same is true with a lot of modern art.	it is text, on an image ? what does it mean ? why choose this animal ? what is with the background ? why does not the text have anything to do with the image ? but to the community who has built up shared knowledge about these images, those things impart meaning.
Handling emotional outbursts during a discussion.	the minute someone starts stomping their feet, uncontrollably swearing, crying, running away, or whatever no matter who is right and who is wrong the other is expected to drop their claim.	crying can be healthy: why we cry: the truth about tearing up webmd URL the health benefits of tears psychology today URL  good reasons to cry your eyes out pbs URL.
Leadership and National Priorities.	to be successful at this, a government needs to keep a focus on the nation first, then the people, and only then any other nations or peoples.	power already attracts them, and they tend to be a wrecking ball of progress.
Coursework procrastination and monitoring.	some students see the deadline of the coursework and decide to start doing the coursework on that day.	these are adults, not children.
The negative effects of redefining marriage.	when we last redefined marriage with no fault divorce, divorce rates skyrocketed and a number of problems worsened.	how exactly does allowing more gender combinations weaken marriage ? kindly point us towards those studies, as they are in direct contradiction to recent studies that show that children growing up in same sex families are just as well adjusted as straight families.
Privacy and the Ethics of Peeping Tom Behavior	i think about all the porn out there, i know some photos of random girls have to have been from a boyfriend or ex that were uploaded without the girl is permission.	maybe the uploaders or admins of red tube or you porn should be held accountable and customers should demand that videos uploaded should be legitimate and consent properly provided.
Polygamy as a recognized form of marriage.	when we last redefined marriage with no fault divorce, divorce rates skyrocketed and a number of problems worsened.	the only issue i can think of with polygamous relationships is the division of legal rights as marriage really is just about the rights and responsibilities you get , but so long as they can find a way to deal with that, i have no problem with polygamy being recognized.
Vegetarianism and Animal Rights	the way we treat all animals are simply ignored by vegetarians.	animals will be mistreated, big and small.
Rationality of religious fundamentalism.	i am referring to someone whose personal religious beliefs are obsessive and interfere with one is ability to think rationally.	sure, mental illness can lead to someone being  wrong , but so can a perfectly rational   logical process of thought as well.
Comparison between beer and wine.	there are more things you can vary with beer than you can with wine.	this is why wines come with a year; if you are really super into it, you might know that bordeaux had a very good harvest in , and can make a good guess about what that wine is going to be like.
Religion as a Scapegoat for Logic and Knowledge.	people try to use their  religion  as a scapegoat for logic, reason, and the pursuit of knowledge; i. e.	ban religion if you like, but the problems you are pointing out here can be caused by just about anything that someone clings onto strongly enough.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	having no access to any finances really traps the person in this kind of situation.
Charitable giving and responsibility to family.	if i gave to everyone who deserved it, i would go broke.	while one could argue that charity recipients are no less deserving than my family, and i agree, i think we all have a unique responsibility to those closest to us.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	to some people the big ceremony is important.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if i were to drive at the speed limit, i would be a road hazard.	plenty of people speed, and plenty of people get into accidents because of speeding, and yet everyone thinks that they are immune to it for some reason or another.
Visual appeal of text posts on Reddit.	a text post, on the other hand, just looks like reddit.	if anyone is  at all  curious what you are doing which should not be a problem, as you are at work your only option is to close the tab, which makes it kind of obvious what you are doing.
Federal Income Tax and its Implications.	if you do not pay federal income tax your either a criminal or poor.	the claim that  if you do not pay federal income tax your either a criminal or poor.
Comparison of wartime atrocities and Nazi genocide.	the atrocities that the german army commited are similar to those commited by other armies in other wars.	they slaughtered millions in what can only be called a  machine.
Personal definition of success and self-reliance.	my idea of success is having a roof over my head, a steady supply of food, one used car, and a way to obtain the small salary, and also to have remaining spending money to entertain myself.	when your body starts to break down, you have to ask yourself  is this worth it  ? when your boss decides that your pay grade is too much and shit cans you in favor of some twat from his church that will work for $ and hour after you have been there  / years, tell yourself again that you  do not rely on others for happiness.
Debate on Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	this does not follow at all, for several reasons.
Beauty standards for women.	and places value in the superficial that is completely irrelevant.	that is the logic you are using here.
Overview of Political Science and IR as Disciplines	admittedly, one class and a global policy simulation may not be enough to really judge the field, but i ca not be completely wrong, right ?	you are given a toolkit a set of foundational skills at most.
Race relations and individual rights.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	on the other hand the state should not discriminate because it draws its power from its citizens, making it only fair to treat citizens  equally.
Discussion on the concept of human nature.	people always talk about how pure children are.	i will understand if you do not want to read this comment if it is too hard for you : as i know, postmodern doese not believe in a thing that humane nature, but is just a part of your comment; for talk about the main part is necessary know a bit of historical factors: humane nature is not demonstrated in scientific view, but we have to clarify first what human nature is intended:  humane nature, which can be positive or negative, is a theory where people have a natural tendency who modify their action.
Limitations of Concluding Life on Unsampled Galaxies.	or if we had an example from the nearest star with planets, we could conclude that probably every star with planets evolves life.	we have a decent idea of how abiogenesis could occur, and although this area of research is not nearly as solid as the above, what we do know suggests that with the right conditions plus sufficient amounts of time, it is a virtual certainty for abiogenesis to occur.
Challenges faced by third party candidates in elections.	as every vote for a third party makes the party the voter dislikes the most more likely to win due to the spoiler effect.	a successful third party candidacy must project strength, saying that you can beat your opponents even at a disadvantage.
Limitations of Concluding Life on Unsampled Galaxies.	or if we had an example from the nearest star with planets, we could conclude that probably every star with planets evolves life.	what is the probability that alien life exists  somewhere other than earth  in the whole of space, given what we know  then we still get the answer of p life on other worlds .
The difficulty of batting in professional baseball.	batting is also one of the tasks that many scientists claim to be impossible.	throwing a ball at pro level speeds requires extraordinary arm strength and tons of drilling that boils down to physical athleticism.
Individual responsibility in society.	however, society/life does nothing for x individual unless x does something first.	in short, work is required for society and it is associated pool of resources to even exist.
Musical Instruments and Techniques	singing is simply a muscular contraction, you train your vocal chords to output a certain pitch and timbre.	if singing is so easy, let is hear you give it a whirl.
The aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	but, it depends on your skin, usually.
Airline seat reclining policy.	i feel that i paid for a seat that reclines, and i also paid to sit in a seat where the one in front of me reclines as well.	having received a seat with certain features it is up to you the user to determine if you want to use those features to the discomfort of your fellow travelers.
Definition of Universal Rights.	to clarify, i am defining a  right  as a guarantee of access to a commodity or state of being, without necessarily referring to a legal structure.	those not contingent upon the laws, customs, or beliefs of any particular culture or government, and therefore universal and inalienable.
***Employer's view on a certain topic.	i am still confused as to why an employer would care ?	so why are there still taboos on certain tattoo types ? no they are not  mainstream  they are still bad.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	and he is an indisputable part of that family, i just went to his thanksgiving celebration and his adoptive dad was there despite having divorced his mom ! whatever you decide has to be right for  you.
The benefits and ethics of donating large sums of money.	giving above a certain amount can serve as cheap advertising for those donating and serves to increase their reputation with the public.	i agree, but how can one prove this ? bill gates is helping people, is he doing it to boost his reputation ? as well, in this case, does the means justify the ends ? no one is getting hurt and people are being helped.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	but ca not a person be naturally beautiful without having to work out every day ? yes we are.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	his lair also likely has various protective spells that would resist attacks, again allowing him to apparate away.
Speed running and the importance of bosses.	the idea of speed running is about being able to beat the game the fastest and bosses are an important part of the game.	but the entire purpose of a speed run is to finish the game as quickly as possible, not to  play the game.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	sometimes a person is feather weight is for you unbearable.
Preference in dating based on race.	i do not think is racist when someone prefers to date a white person over a black fellow.	the question is  why  would one prefer whites over blacks, or asians, or whatever ? what is the rationale behind that statement ? that is where you decide whether or not  i prefer whites over blacks  is racist.
Freedom of thought and expression.	no doubt, the less hatred, the better. but using abusive ways to reach this goal is wrong.	there is nothing abusive about anti discrimination.
Polygamy as a recognized form of marriage.	when we last redefined marriage with no fault divorce, divorce rates skyrocketed and a number of problems worsened.	moreover, the increased divorce rate is not inherently bad.
Criticism of Private Prison System and Property Rights Enforcement.	do not even get me started on the private prison system in the us.	if the prisons are worse in terms of the treatment or relapse rate than the  public  prisons again this is corruption/negligence.
Faith in Competent Leaders and Historical Perspective on Problems.	would not you feel more comfortable putting your faith in the hands of honest, educated, competent people, then a majority that is lacking most of those things ?	instead we elect folks with limited time in office.
Anime and its Historical Context.	i ca not stand most of the characters.	this is true for most western stuff too.
Relationships and Cheating	failed relationships and cheating is just way too prevalent to be coincidental.	people bond when they fall in love, and become possessive towards each other.
Negative effects of vomiting on health.	i did not gain nor lose any weight doing this.	there are other health risks about regularly throwing up.
Grading in Maths and Science	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	it is no coincidence that grades focused education systems i am looking at you, asia tend to have stronger results than softer education systems.
Discussion on the concept of privacy.	but i just ca not see how being a bystander to the real crime being committed is a violation of privacy as well.	a bystander is an a person who is present at an event or incident but does not take part.
Fear of the Unknown in Natural Selection.	since natural selection shows us that the strong survive, at some point the human, or protohuman, brain tells humans that anything different is dangerous.	it does not help that were taught to fear different races/cultures by sensationalistic news, backwards conservatives, and isolated pockets of ignorance.
Religion as a Scapegoat for Logic and Knowledge.	people try to use their  religion  as a scapegoat for logic, reason, and the pursuit of knowledge; i. e.	this applies to all people, be they religious or not.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	when you find the right person, you will take pleasure in splurging a bit on something special for them.
Advantages of digital clocks	digital clocks are better since its faster to read the minutes as a number.	they use a distance scale to represent time.
Starting something based on calendar system vs. seasons.	there is no rhyme or reason to wait until the arbitrary beginning of a calendar system to start something.	or the modern student who from kindergarten to college has their end of year exams.
Importance of diplomas in society.	my view is that the purpose of a diploma is to prove you are able to function in a civilized society.	my mom does not have a diploma of any sort but still works min wage jobs.
Race relations and individual rights.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	in a libertarian society you would be free and the hands of the government would be tied.
Grading in Maths and Science.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	your calculations could be responsible for lives, lots of money, or any other number of important things.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	science is based in empiracism, and naturalism.
The joy of getting married in a simple way.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	to others it isnt.
Skipping work on your birthday	not a manner of taking advantage of using your birthday to escape responsibility.	what happens when they are not scheduled is  not their responsibility, it is yours.
Misuse of downvoting on Reddit.	secondly, downvoting is not supposed to be an implement of disapproval at least, not on reddit .	they allow spam and other troll crap to get pushed down to the bottom, but at the same time you can argue that upvotes are not really doing anything any better.
Criticism of religion's role in causing problems in the world.	when i say that religion in general and islamic in specific causes a lot of problems in today is world, i am seen as a bigot and an islamophobe.	people are homophobic because they are assholes, not because of religion.
The Importance of Controversial Speech in Cultural Development.	speech that may seem unfit for public consumption is often the type that is needed the most for cultural development.	had that type of speech been limited, who knows where our society would be currently ? so, based off current responses, you are equating unsolicited mail pornography with civil rights ? i really think this part of your argument falls flat.
Batman's branding and theme.	branding; that is why all of batman is gadgets are so heavily bat themed, and in the earlier versions of batman even had a bat prefix.	the idea that batman is  selling a brand  is nonsense.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	a doctor will suggest having it checked and you can accept or decline.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	some jobs make no distinction between the weekend and weekday, a police officer may not have  weekends  as his days off.
Marijuana use as a moral turpitude offense.	the several times he has used drugs marijuana counts as a multiple moral turpitude offense, which generally is considered against standards of  contrary to community standards of justice, honesty or good morals.	would you believe he deserved to go to jail if he were an american citizen ? it sounds like you want him punished for a crime he committed, which is fine and all; but it sounds more like you want to use this crime as a justification for what you actually want, which is him to be deported.
Legal implications of denying allegations.	denying the allegations puts you in the awkward position of calling someone a liar.	why does not he counter sue those that sued him for defamation of character or something similar.
Highway speed limits and safety concerns.	the speed limits on most highways just do not make sense.	they are lower than the speed at which you can drive safely, and they do not take into account how everyone else drives.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	since there are more of us, our energy needs are actually increasing.
Storage of Information by Search Engines	thirdly, all information no matter how irrelevant or relevant should be stored by search engines.	or what about one with the nudes you sent her ? now every employer who want is to search your history, and most of them do, will find that.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	you seem like you are painting the stereotype of the  year old guy living in his mother is basement and applying that to everyone that claims to be a  gamer.
The difficulty of batting in professional baseball.	batting is also one of the tasks that many scientists claim to be impossible.	this is not mental capacity; this is athletic capacity.
Clock industry decline.	but those clocks have been in a decline for a long time now.	again, still have not shown that hr is  better  with this statement.
Comparison of Classical Liberalism and Conservatism.	classical liberalism is a philosophy of limited government and personal liberty.	similarly, someone saying they are a liberal puts them in the same tradition as locke and mill, even if they do not really agree with either of those thinkers on specific policy issues.
Driving safety and emergency vehicle awareness.	not being able to hear emergency vehicles coming.	being a good driver and paying attention to your car solves this problem.
Criticism of Far-Right Ideology.	i have come to believe that the far right embodies everything that is disgusting in human beings.	everything in your view is the exact same thing you accuse the other side of doing, only for reasons different from your own.
The practicality of women wanting men to have cars.	i believe that, for most women, wanting a man to have a car is not a matter of superficiality, but practicality.	if you view relationships as mere convenient company, which is facilitated by having a car, then i am not surprised you accept not having a car as a dealbreaker, but that is not only because the girl who says that is shallow, but because your views on relationships is shallow too.
Fear of Death.	after years of reflection i came to the conclusion that everyone who fears death is either ignorant or weak, because there is nothing to gain by this.	you can attempt to live a more healthy life, avoid unnecessary risks, try not to waste time and live an eventful life, such that time subjectively passes by more slowly.
VPN and File Sharing as Essential Resources.	those doing some major file sharing, or maybe needing a big pipe for a vpn to work.	increasing bandwidth available to everyone, opens up the universe for applications and usage styles that are not easy to imagine right now.
Overpopulation and Climate Change.	every new person contributes to anthropogenic climate change.	why would you expect that to reverse simply due to climate change ?.
Eating meat and ethical considerations.	you may as well either go back to eating meat, or go all the way and become vegan.	again, it is not a black and white matter.
Issues with US Railroads.	the railroads have hardly innovated in decades and are abysmal for passenger traffic.	they operate with a lot of independence, but the us has the ability to cause a lot of damage if it chose.
The ethics of selling art for advertisements.	letting a company use your art for advertisements is as close to selling your soul as you can get.	not every commercial is there to sell a product.
Criticism of religion's role in causing problems in the world.	when i say that religion in general and islamic in specific causes a lot of problems in today is world, i am seen as a bigot and an islamophobe.	nobody swears there is no god but allah, and summarily picks up a machete and starts lopping off heads.
Evidence for an intelligent designer creating the universe.	bb says: at some moment, all matter in the universe was contained in one single point.	where is the evidence suggesting a being, as opposed to an unknown natural process ? where is the evidence suggesting this being is intelligent, as opposed to some being that is not intelligent but did it anyway ? where is the evidence that this being must exist outside of our understanding of time ? where is the evidence that this being did not have a beginning ? where is the evidence that this being did not have an end ? why is this even a prerequisite for an intelligent designer unless you are trying to sneak some supernatural god concept in there ? where is the evidence that this entity has a gender ? where is the evidence that this entity is gender is male as we understand maleness ? it seems there are lot of poorly supported statements here that  must  be assumed in addition to the assumption of  created the universe.
Perception of police by law-abiding citizens.	for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	they are trained to be  in control of the situation  and they believe that being abrasive and belligerent is the best way to obtain and maintain that control.
Democratic control in workplace and accountability of leaders.	rather than having a boss in charge who dictates everything, the workers would exert democratic control over the direction of the company.	this is what he agrees to do when he become a senator, because he is making decisions on behalf of millions of people.
Discussion on discomfort and homophobia in locker rooms.	but having the discomfort should not be viewed as homophobic.	but merely voicing presumptions, suspicions and fears are just bad judgment.
Sexism on Reddit and the push for female-friendly communities.	websites on the internet, like reddit, have the communities called sexist all the time and even now we are seeing a constant push towards making reddit more female friendly see: twoxchromosomes becoming a default subreddit and pushing aside the male demographic.	you seem to have a strange understanding of what the idea behind a safe space for women is.
Musical Instruments and Techniques	singing is simply a muscular contraction, you train your vocal chords to output a certain pitch and timbre.	singing for long periods of time is difficult.
Debate on the necessity of playoffs in determining a winner.	the team that has the most points at the end of such a season is a clear winner, and playoffs are not really needed.	if you have a division with a lot of power, you can have whole seasons with box scores that are like,   or   etc and then you basically just have a much higher total run tally even though you  were not  the better team.
Economics and Leftism.	leftist culture demonizes capitalism, which is the mechanism by which one attains material security in our society.	 it is hard for me to say one side is more pro capitalist or anti capitalist than the other, when at the end of the day political decisions have so much more to do with the exchange of campaign donations than ideology on both sides ! obstructionist moves against tesla and uber for example are perfect examples of incumbents automakers and taxi companies lobbying with campaign donations to prevent having to compete in the marketplace.
Comparison of drug use and video game playing.	i believe that drug use does not imply anything more negative about a person than playing video games does, cmv.	yes, there are stereotypes that are not necessarily true.
Road safety laws and permit restrictions for cars and bikers.	with these laws i think the roads would become a much safer place for cars and bikers, and many laws will be cleared up for bikers who do not understand the law.	but regardless of that, giving somebody a license does not fix the long term.
Gradation of punishment based on BAC level.	we need a gradation of punishment, where the punishment is worse the higher your bac.	if driving around with a  bac is considered just fine in the eyes of the law, then we should not go from zero punishment to extreme punishment when you add  to that number.
Improving Public Education through Teacher Wages	some people are skeptical that increasing funding for our public education systems will change the results, but i think that simply increasing the wage of teachers could significantly increase the quality of teachers.	you ca not necessarily fix problems with more money.
Concerns about mixed-gender bathrooms.	there are already unisex and family bathrooms some places that are used with no complaint.	i personally do not want to risk seeing some man is penis when i am using the bathroom.
Risks of saving nude photos on phone.	i do not see any sort of reward for saving nude photos on your phone.	being unlucky does not make change the rightness or wrongness of a given action, and should not have any bearing on how we respond to an evil act.
Morality of the Second World War	the second world war can be seen as a black and white moral struggle against monstrously oppressive forces.	however when you look at the effects of ww you can see similar destructive effects as after ww.
Kant's Categorical Imperative and Atomicity in Actions.	but none of the maxims address the atomicity of the action why must not apply the categorical imperative to the action of telling a murderer where the children are ?	at any moment, a given maxim is true or false, regardless of whether it is, or ever will be, applied.
Same-sex marriage and government involvement in marriage.	so not to get hung up on technicalities, but people cite the equal protection clause of the constitution as a basis for the claim of discrimination inherent in same sex marriage bans.	by that argument the anti interracial marriage laws were not discriminatory, in that they permitted marriages between anyone of the same race.
The nature of morals and their subjectivity.	i do not think morals actually exist.	if we accept that all moral systems are social constructs, then all consequences for the violation of norms is handled withing the social system you are a part of.
Impact of Hydro Power Plant Outage on People.	when a hydro electric power plant goes out, people lose power for a while.	huge inconvenience for a lot of people, possibly even a bit destructive, but ultimately not a huge deal.
VPN and File Sharing as Essential Resources.	those doing some major file sharing, or maybe needing a big pipe for a vpn to work.	there would be a lot of crap, but some really cool stuff too.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	they are all remembered.
Religious freedom and conformity.	there is not freedom to practice religious beliefs if you are required to adhere to any of the religious beliefs or rules of other religions.	that is like saying that freedom of speech is freedom from speech; that only by forcing others to be silent are you truly free.
Gender roles and stereotypes in sexual behavior.	i really want to start thinking that men could also be considered a whore and that a woman can be a player.	calling someone a player is as well  he is awesome, he is such a player ! instead, think of it as that many people, men and women, find sex to be an enjoyable activity.
Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	also, how do you explain homosexuality being prevalent in many other species ? it is society is views that are changing, and we are in the middle of that change.
Neglect of pets left alone for long periods.	a pet that spends the majority of every day alone, locked in a cage, crate, or studio apartment, is a neglected animal.	a dog does not need that much space indoors as long as he has room to run outside.
Relationships and commitment.	i have to say that the opposite of my philosophy is the people that go  yeah, i could probably date him/her for a year, and then head off on my own way .	but i would never say you are wrong because it is not for me to decide what is right for other people.
ISIS taking over Iraq and mocking US on Twitter.	isis, which is more or less the same as al qaeda, is in the process of taking over iraq.	they are now and have been stalling right about where the traditional border between sunni and shia regions of iraq.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	by opening up the opportunity for all to apply and have their fitness for office tested it is increasing the sample size of the candidates considered for office.
The limitations of identifying as a feminist ally.	if i identify as a feminist ally and mainstream feminism decides to go off the deep end, my ally status nevertheless shackles me to a movement over which i have no influence.	the term ally implies that i am going to take a backseat because while i support the movement, i lack the experience to actively participate in its decision making process.
Pros and cons of religion.	i really believe religion brings nothing but trouble.	the laws and social codes of all societies are based in a large part on religion, whether in favor or in opposition to it.
Gender equality and shared responsibility in society.	i just think that the system should be fair to both sexes.	first and foremost, you might want to search cmv as this topic is in the top  of  done to god damn death topics   i believe that if women want to gain full equality and gender roles dropped, then they should gain an equal amount of responsibility.
Addiction and Responsibility.	addiction is a disease and a way to absolve people of responsibility for their actions.	the cure for obesity is to lower one is caloric intake.
Upgrading furniture.	we should view upgrades to our couches the same way we see remodeling a kitchen.	the thought of using someone is old bed, couch, or chair is a little disgusting.
Challenges of Law Enforcement and Professional Standards.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	you do not want that stress ? do not fucking do it.
Visual appeal of text posts on Reddit.	a text post, on the other hand, just looks like reddit.	unless someone stands over your shoulder long enough to actually read and comprehend what is on the screen, then it is no more eye catching than any other text based webpage that you might be on.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	if pantaleo had no legal grounds to arrest garner, then pantaleo would be guilty of manslaughter, since he would have no justification for any violence against garner whatsoever.
Religion and its interpretation by local communities.	to which she replied that while the text never changes the rules do and that you just ignore the text.	look, i can release a book which outlines the core features of a new religion i just  completely made up.
ISIS taking over Iraq and mocking US on Twitter.	isis, which is more or less the same as al qaeda, is in the process of taking over iraq.	they are also not going into kurdistan to their east, because they know the kurds would fuck them up six ways from sunday if they tried it.
Generosity and Expectations.	showing a readiness to give more of something, as money or time, than is strictly necessary or expected.	? i do not think so, no.
Freedom of religion and speech.	freedom of religion is freedom from religion.	trying to force atheism on others is no different or better than trying to force religion.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	men have cialis and viagara and a bunch of other treatments.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	but there would be no tv specials without the comic strip, and schulz was heavily involved in the tv specials.
The dangers of indoor smoking.	once dissipated, the concentration of toxins is negligible.	annoying other people is really rude, and just because it is currently legal does not make you less of an asshole if you are not mindful of where you are smoking.
Limitations and safety concerns of self-driving cars.	if a self driving car is slower than the rest of traffic, or gets caught up on a branch that falls into the roadway, or fails to navigate a construction site, or slams on its brakes because a trash bag drifted in front of it.	there is already legislation in some areas allowing autonomous cars.
Men's rights in abortion and financial obligations.	therefore, i believe that men should either have abortion rights, or the right to waive all financial obligations to his child while abortion is still an option.	men do have control of their life without consideration of the fetus.
Gender equality and shared responsibility in society.	i just think that the system should be fair to both sexes.	including the state, who would investigate the incident as a rape and act in accordance with the evidence they have found.
Tattoos and Employment.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	i work in a professional corporate office.
Possessiveness in relationships.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	you were living a total lie, if you got caught, who cared, if it worked, great ! you shed your insecurity by wrapping yourself up in your little security blanket of a lie and let yourself be you.
Selfishness and societal development.	i do not see any rational reason to put any importance into the development of society or improvement of anyone but your own wellfare, other than for the chemical release that you are rewarded with.	if i act in my own benefit, the only way i am rewarded is by a chemical release.
Islamophobia and Racism Debate.	however, sociologists consider islamophobia to be a type of racism, despite islam not being a race.	it is considered immoral because different races are not really different.
Scotland's potential independence and its impact on the UK's military.	well, first of all, the uk, currently the fourth largest military power in the world and a country that has a permanent seat on the un security council would be decimated in its strength.	second there are lots of reasons besides nationalism that scots are voting yes such as:    of scots are opposed to nuclear weapons, the uk is a nuclear armed nation.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	in economics, rent seeking is spending wealth on political lobbying to increase one is share of existing wealth without creating wealth.
Confusion caused by multiple exits in the same mile.	the addition of new exits results in the addition of extremely confusing  a  and  b  exits.	furthermore, if the highway is re routed around a city or something should the mile based exits be re numbered ? not a problem with simple exit numbers.
Advantages of Triangular Sandwich Slices.	the triangular slice is always superior to the rectangular slice.	pulled  meat, pickle slices or shredded lettuce.
Capital punishment and ethical concerns.	imagine if someone came into your life, took away someone you held near and dear, causing suffering to you and everyone who knew them.	you are asking the state to fulfill revenge needs on your behalf.
Inappropriate comments about women's breasts.	so i feel like if i ever do mistakenly ask if natural breasts were implants and i have never been wrong yet then consolation about how i know something that many people believe is such a  great  thing is really a burden.	it is rude and inappropriate to go up to a woman and comment on her breasts real breasts or enhanced, it does not matter.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	we have no shortage of alternatives.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	anyone could do that ! but no one did it the way he did.
Leadership and National Priorities.	to be successful at this, a government needs to keep a focus on the nation first, then the people, and only then any other nations or peoples.	they will grind the country they lead into the ground in pursuit of that goal, and whether it is good for  the country  is not something they are a very good judge of, in general.
Body positivity and self-improvement for women.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	that does not mean women like you are not  also  real women.
Cost of Professional Sports Entertainment Tickets	if you want sports entertainment you should go pay professional sports entertainment.	alumni of a college are going to want to watch their college sports team play.
Gender equality and reproductive rights.	if women are given control over their reproductive system contraception she is able to control the balance of power much more.	if they do not want to reproduce, do not have unprotected sex.
Comparison of rap lyrics to other genres.	there are plenty of examples given from rappers who are very conscious and clever, but even those hardly ever say anything i feel holds a candle to good lyrics from other genres.	singing has a strong melodic element where, in order to hold a note, one is forced to stretch out the length of certain words.
The importance of emotional connection in sexual relationships.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	but a relationship is not remotely required for sex.
Sliced vs Whole Sandwiches	a sliced sandwich is always superior to one that has not been sliced.	whole allows you to retain the heat/cold within the sandwich longer.
Unkindness and Insulting Behavior	similarly, if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	at which point it would be understandable for you to ask them to stop being so pc because it was clear you just slipped up.
Deportation of illegal parents and its impact on families.	many have had children, and so deporting the illegal parents may break families apart.	Of course their families will be affected. but is that really what we should be concerned about ? there is a good percentage that have built lives here in america and worked hard to achieve legal life.
Morality of the Death Penalty	i think that what we call  amoral  is a huge misnomer;  amoral  is just a social contract we agree upon for the sake of ourselves and our society, rather than intrinsic right and wrong.	there are plenty of people who agree with the concept of  an eye for an eye , and there are plenty of people who disagree with the concept.
Morality of killing in military service.	by enlisting in the military, you have agreed to kill someone on behalf of the cause for which that military is fighting.	the existence of an objective morality is a background assumption for my argument.
Comparison of wartime atrocities and Nazi genocide.	the atrocities that the german army commited are similar to those commited by other armies in other wars.	before that genocides were thoroughly manual processes.
Poor quality of debate among friends can harm relationships.	the quality of the debate you have with your friends at a dinner table is likely to be much, much poorer than a debate by experts.	as is the case when arguing with anyone, if they are very strong minded about their political or ethical views, they wo not change their ideas the moment the argument is over.
Kant's universal law formulation and consequentialism.	an appraisal of whether something ought to be a universal law seems to be consequentialist to me.	consequentialism,  qua  moral compass, judges the praise or blameworthyness of an action based solely on the net positive or negative impacts it has would have, would be reasonably expected to have, would generally have and so on on other moral agents, in the future.
Batman's portrayal in Nolan's movie adaptation.	none of the characters are faithful adaptations, and in a movie featuring batman, i expected nolan to leave the character is personalities and motivations intact.	it is still a batman movie.
Body positivity and weight acceptance.	there is a lot going around the internet in regards to people being comfortable with their weight.	why ca not a person feel confident the way they are ? confidence is how you feel about yourself.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	there are many legitimate reasons that may be out of the person is control that requires them to leave the workforce.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	well, it is still not  your  decision.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	this goes against every known law of physics.
Challenges with societal gender norms and definitions.	the problem lies not within people  being born in the wrong skin , but within society is narrow definitions of men and women and of masculinity and femininity.	it still thinks there is a binary, just like  gender  does.
Public's Right to Know about Tony Blair's Promise to Join Iraq War Coalition	as a case in point, on a british panel show called question time a woman said that the public  had the right to know  whether tony blair promised george bush to join the coalition against iraq.	do you really think an hour or half an hour long tv show has the time get back into some lockeian theory of the social contract ? the issues surrounding the invasion of iraq are large and complex enough that there just is not the time also start debating the very foundations of republican government in such a format.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	i goggled some definition for  healthy relationship  and this is what the national domestic violence hotline writes other websites i found were pretty similar but this was better formated for copying it here : for both partners applies:   treat each other with respect   feel supported to do things they like   do not criticize each other   allow each other to spend time with friends and family   listen to each other and compromise   share some interests such as movies, sports, reading, dancing or music   are not afraid to share their thoughts and feelings   celebrate each other is accomplishments and successes   respect boundaries and do not abuse technology   trust each other and do not require their partner to  check in    do not pressure the other to do things that they do not want to do   do not constantly accuse each other of cheating or being unfaithful point  is not even a point in an open relationship and the rest is not connected to the style of your relationship.
Alcohol policy on campus.	kegs are not allowed on campus so we just have to spend more money on beer.	if you want to have a party at your frat house without a bartender and without notifying your school of it  weeks before then you are more than welcome to take that risk, but part of that risk is accepting the consequences if you get in trouble for doing so.
Role of government in a democracy.	no one should force choices for others.	it is within reason, and reflected by reality, that one must relinquish some rights, or measures/parts there of, in order to gain other rights or benefits.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	of course it will have inconsistencies.
Socioeconomic status and societal worth.	we are all born in poverty and the things you get are a function of your usefulness in society.	if this is a description of how the world is, it is wrong.
International policing and American perspective.	why not let the rest of the world police itself for a change ?	by your logic it would not be our concern; however, the us could easily put a stop to it.
Acting roles and talent requirements in Hollywood.	anyone with even a modicum of talent on guitar or drums can play green day songs.	i agree with  modern  art, but again, if an artist can draw something really well or use a traditional technique with painting, drawing, sculpting, or even new techniques like d modeling, to create something, and people are willing to pay for it.
Grading in Maths and Science.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	in the real world, it is more that you are expected to get it right.
Limitations of human perception and reliance on science.	the truth is, our perception of our environment is very limited.	this only indicates that the body of scientific knowledge may not be complete, not that it does not correspond to reality.
Disadvantages of mobile websites on budget smartphones.	there is not a single instance where a mobile website is preferable to a full site.	to make it easier to load on people with a poor g connection or a low data limit on their plan, and they often have much bigger buttons, text, and menus to work better for someone on a touch screen as opposed to someone on a computer.
Men's redundancy in reproduction.	furthermore, reproductively, almost every man on earth has become redundant.	sexual selection is done by both genders.
The impact of vegetarianism on the food industry.	to speak realistically about the world: a small percentage of newfound vegetarians does not impact the specific industry nor the whole picture all together.	to become a vegetarian does little that will change the overall treatment animals.
Advantages of being attractive	i believe because of these factors, attractive people ultimately have happier lives and have way more success while putting in way less work, financially, socially, and emotionally.	or how many attractive women are successful in business.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	would outlaw them all ? by your definition, religion is at worst another tool people use to police their own behavior.
Quality of life versus quantity of life.	but i would personally choose a happier, shorter life over a less happy, longer life.	URL i do not really think i would be happy living in a state of constant war, that may at any time turn into tribal annihilation.
Morality and free will in relation to God.	i will not entertain the idea that morality is relative.	so what was previously free will that was still in line with the will of god became free will that was antithetical to god.
Capital punishment and ethical concerns.	imagine if someone came into your life, took away someone you held near and dear, causing suffering to you and everyone who knew them.	your prerequisites are just different.
Casualties and conflict in Palestine and Israel.	by simply looking at the numbers of casualties on both sides, the casualties on the side of the palistinians massively outnumber the ones on the isrealian side.	and the casualty list had been growing and growing year after year with more and more settlements, more checkpoints more walls and less freedoms.
Controversy over abortion and fetal viability.	i watched a girl i worked with drink and smoke her way to a miscarriage when she had twins and then have an abortion.	yet you will take this moral position that makes you look superior.
Pacifism as an Approach to Dealing with Terrorism.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	lets step back from the middle east for a moment and talk about another conflict: northern ireland.
Advocating for higher speed limits on roads.	the roads can be safely navigated at higher speeds.	in , speeding was a contributing factor in  percent of all fatal crashes, and , lives were lost in speeding related crashes.
Achievement and Taking Action	what would  wouldoing my best  achieve that i do not already have ?	i agree, and if you think you can be  amazing  without doing your best than go ahead, but again, anything can be amazing when your setting your bar low.
Security of credit card accounts.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	this is false.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	for a while, ssn was used for benefits purposes only, not identification, and was explicitly stated to not be used for id purposes.
Flaws of a non-democratic system.	the  people  in such a system no longer have the power, which is what a democracy is supposed to be.	that brings more people power to the table.
Concerns about education quality and tax revenue.	i have no problem with people getting a good education, but with all the extra students and not much more tax revenue for the schools, the quality of the education lowers.	some of the worst performing school districts in the country are the large urban districts, which often spend more per student than their suburban counterparts.
Personal boundaries and respect for privacy.	but even more importantly, i could not care less if she slept with every guy in seattle.	she effectively lied not only to her boyfriend but to everyone of her thousands of followers who thought that she was a great person.
Race and War.	yet some people ca not get over something as silly as a type of skin color someone has.	most wars have not been over race.
Nazism and its impact on common people.	we don't have to have zero tolerance for nazis, there were a lot of moderate nazis.	that is because for every shithead  areligious  person doing shitty things, people can find thousands more that do not do a damn thing.
Handling emotional outbursts during a discussion.	the minute someone starts stomping their feet, uncontrollably swearing, crying, running away, or whatever no matter who is right and who is wrong the other is expected to drop their claim.	they wish they could control it and not cry, but crying is not always controllable.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	if you do not value a big ceremony, do not dare women who want one.
Feminism and Public Opinion.	these connotations seem to turn public opinion away from the feminist movement.	public opinion and the status quo is why these women are doing what they are doing.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	science by virtue of not having an opinion, is not doing the personal action of attacking god.
Debating the uniqueness of Jesus as a historical figure.	i think of jesus as being another charismatic figure whose death or martyrdom was made into a legend by his followers in order to legitimize christendom.	it seems like you want your view to be changed about whether or not jesus was a unique figure; on the condition that we argue from your own preconception that jesus  story is largely legendary.
The effectiveness of self-preservation in conflicts.	i think that self preservation of one is life will trump all of these reasons.	also, there is reason that the death penalty is only used for murder.
Gender-neutral bathrooms and potential concerns.	as trans/queer gendered people are coming out and becoming more accepted, distinguishing between two genders for the bathroom just reinforces a gender binary that could potentially alienate them.	god/evolution saw fit to make us gendered.
Popularity of summer Olympic sports.	summer olympic sports are more popular in general.	there really is not any winner between the two olympics.
The morality of sacrifice and human flaws.	the proported act of sacrifice is morally wrong   no sacrifice to a deity could be considered moral in any circumstance.	we all do bad things.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	having no evidence for something is not the same as having evidence that it does not exist.
Health and Attractiveness for Personal Reasons.	you should be healthy for personal reasons.	obviously, if you are within the healthy weight range according to your doctor, you should not change just because someone else prefers something different; you ca not change your height or eye color, and you ca not necessarily change a weight range that is healthy for you.
Addiction as a Disease and Responsibility for Actions.	addiction is a disease and a way to absolve people of responsibility for their actions.	to some extent yes, however it is not a black and white situation here.
Limitations of a all-powerful being with different laws of physics.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	and how does that disprove possibility of god ? purposed of god are inscrutable to finite being.
The negative effects of video games on social life.	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	could one who solely plays alone benefit from outdoor sports with teammates in person ? of course.
Debate on the feasibility of ancap utopia.	the only difference between the ancap utopia and our own world is that, in the ancap society, everyone nearly homogeneously believes in ancap principles, asides from a few troublemakers.	under reporting income or disobeying victimless crime laws e.
Segregation in markets and businesses.	markets will react by opening up segregated shops and restaurants.	nonconformists will be forced to move when businesses, social clubs, and homeowner is associations impose trade sanctions on either racists or non racists.
Capitalism and its benefits.	i also see capitalism as an efficient machine that has helped increase standards of livings, brought new technologies, etc.	one could argue that feudalism was also an efficient machine that helped increase standards of living and saw the birth of new technologies.
Libertarian ideology and personal liberties.	the belief that personal liberties should trump other factors when deciding policy/action.	i would like to note that i am not talking about corporations, i am talking soely about individuals.
The difficulty of impressing audiences in entertainment industry.	we can no longer shock, horrify, scare, or blow the minds off of audiences any more.	there is no longer a huge category for  teenagers  everything is segmented because we have so many choices.
Dealing with a person's seductive behavior in a professional setting.	one of these people is single, and like to try and seduce other women.	that is what you are doing to these people you are telling them that because of something out of their control their gender of their partner their relationship is not  areal  to you.
Blackface and Offense in Modern Times	being offended by someone who had painted is face black is dumb as the original issues with are not relevant nowadays.	blackface was never about  taking jobs from black people.
Clarifying the "not all men are like that" argument.	when someone says  not all men are like that , the correct response is to clarify, or admit to a factual error, and not to accuse the other side of  derailing , or  changing the subject .	rather, they are using a generality to highlight a particular problem within a group.
Men's redundancy in reproduction.	furthermore, reproductively, almost every man on earth has become redundant.	you will not become biologically irrelevant, that line is just a trp scare tactic.
Immortality and Reincarnation	c that we are closer to cracking the secret of immortality than i think.	you will eventually be reborn with a new body in a completely new world, and whatever happens in between does not matter since you cannot perceive that time.
Discouraging pride in one's heritage and focusing on personal achievements.	you should not be proud that you are asian, white, black, or hispanic.	i think you are misunderstanding the function of racism.
The value of existence and suffering.	if you do not exist as a living being, you cannot feel suffering.	it certainly is not torture for me.
Child safety and leashes in public places.	if little timmy wants to go run to the bey blade section at the store, chase after him but let him.	i would also point out that holding hands can be quite uncomfortable after awhile with anyone, but especially so due to the height difference.
Selling products using personal songs and art.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	his full time job allows him to be financially stable, are these piano lessons a motivated by pure greed or maybe he just likes piano and kids.
Inaccuracies in the Gregorian calendar.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	his calendar contains four friday the ths every year.
Comparison of gymnastics and rock climbing.	yet gymnastics asks one to maneuver their bodies into shapes that the human figure is not meant to form.	yeah humans are not meant to hang from their heels, stand on the tips of their toes and hold their body weight on a fist jammed between two rocks.
The importance of skill in creating quality art.	quality art takes skill, the possession of which relies on prior experience.	fine art also has  a lot  of historical significance, so you are absorbing and placing some history / world knowledge as well.
Issues with US Railroads.	the railroads have hardly innovated in decades and are abysmal for passenger traffic.	how does net neutrality hurt competition ? is not the most competitive environment the one where everybody has a chance to compete ? if you run a medium sized website, you could be blocked or slowed down by a big isp because you ca not pay the toll.
Gymnastics requires mastery of precision and form.	though other sports include the use of precision and form as well, gymnastics requires one to master these skills.	it is possible to complete the skills without it, but in a competition arena, sloppiness scores no points with the judges.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	if you can understand the concept, you must be experiencing it.
Bill Murray's cult following	so, what should i watch to convince me that i am wrong about bill murray, and he actually deserves his cult following ?	and it will never matter whether you do or not.
Teaching life skills in schools.	people have a responsibility to be able to take care of themselves.	the whole point to living in a society is that you can leave the more complicated jobs to the specialists, while specialising in a field of your own.
The benefits of believing in a higher power.	if you believe in a higher power or god, you get rewarded if you are right.	you present this like atheists are trying to  gain  something by choosing atheism.
Social contract and punishment for breaking it.	i believe that everyone of us that lives in a society has tacitly agreed to a social contract and to abide by the society is laws.	this forbes article URL says it is  times more expensive to carry out the death penalty than to keep them alive.
Libertarian views on race and discrimination.	libertarians claim that the free market or  social pressure  will eventually lead to a post racial world.	you do not want to hire whites and blacks at your asian restaurant ? well your allowed to decide who can work at  your  business, just like you can decide who can come on to your  private  property.
Frequency of Moving Heavy Objects.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	some bed cover designs basically give the bed a similar shape to the back of a van URL which would allow items to be stacked vertically.
The effectiveness of education research and scientific method in education.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	i suspect that your assertion that  amost of these theories do not seem to work  is not based on an application of the scientific method, but rather your own confirmation bias.
The Complexity of Racism.	racism stems from negative stereotypes that are trumped up and oppress a people in a certain group.	the famous  feather headdress  outfit that is so popular perfectly demonstrates that.
Animal overpopulation and euthanasia.	poverty, hunger, and starvation are not problems reserved strictly for third world countries.	we have a serious problem with people in this country not being able to afford basic necessities, the people in our country do not go hungry in the sense that a third world country does.
Limitations of Short-term Charitable Solutions in Africa	many charities focus on providing short term solutions to african problems: eradicating disease, education to citizens on issues of sexuality, etc.	things that have to happen first, conditionally, before a manufacturing base can thrive.
Misconceptions about Bitcoin's use in drug trafficking.	one of the biggest users of bitcoin was silk road, the drug trafficking organization in the us.	that is why actual money laundering and drug money is done through banks.
The Definition of Sports and Extracurricular Activities.	now, for some reason, there has been a strange push in the last decade or so to define just about any and all extracurricular activities as sports, especially in high schools.	defining these things as sports has more to do with safety and equal opportunity than any relationship to what the actual definition of sport is.
Monogamy and ethical considerations in relationships.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	it is up to you to define the parameters of your relationship with your partner.
Scottish referendum and UK's lack of involvement.	the current referendum was approved by the scottish parliament.	however that is nothing compared to the changes for the people of scotland.
Gender in Recruitment: Bias and Data	It is reasonable for companies to consider gender when recruiting employees, because there is many quantifiable differences between males and females.	a interviewer should be looking at the individual experience and qualifications of the person, rather than trying to look through the averages of any generic non applicable descriptor of that person.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	a minister might be criticised for undermining social security, but at the same time his philosophy might believe that to be a good thing.
Expanding government powers and trust in government officials.	I think the government's powers need to be expanded. i just do not trust very much in people any more.	so if you do not trust  people , why would you give a small  group of people  so much power and control over your life ? do you think the  people  in the government ca not be as dangerous as criminals ? well governments have killed a lot more innocent people throughout history, than the criminals that they promise to protect you against have.
Gymnastics requires mastery of precision and form.	though other sports include the use of precision and form as well, gymnastics requires one to master these skills.	on floor if you do not kick your leg hard enough, or you kick it a little off to the side, or you do not snap your hands back up quick enough for the takeoff, you could risk a serious crash landing.
Authenticity of songs used for product advertisement.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	sometimes they are a mix of personal expression and desire to make a hit song to sell records.
Police and injustice in American society.	therefore, a cop who operates in an unjust framework is automatically waging war against you.	such wonton use of violence to right any wrong is not a feasible solution.
Sexism in video games.	if its actually a problem i want to see the statiscs, the science, etc that allows me to concede that video games need to change.	i do not even understand what statistics you want to see.
Availability of unlimited soft drinks in the UK and Germany.	in the uk,  unlimited soft drinks  is a novelty concept used only by select few chains, such as pizza hut.	lastly, providing sodas to patrons is practically free.
Negative effects of vomiting on health.	i did not gain nor lose any weight doing this.	you will feel increased satisfaction from smaller doses.
Objectification of Women.	the objectification of women is a very serious moral issue that does nothing but hold women at a different standard than men.	this term gets thrown around so much these days that it is become almost white noise.
Batman's refusal to kill villains and its consequences.	throughout the history of batman, the hero has refused to kill the villain and instead has him institutionalized or put in jail, from which the villain the joker, scarecrow, etc.	that is what makes him noble.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	you are pretty stoked because you just passed your finals, and you were  certain you were going to bomb your chem exam, but somehow, you passed.
The longevity and aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	can you expand on that ? and a tattoo ages with the body that it is on.
Anarchism vs Current System	in the current system, we have the choice between two systems.	i do not see how this can be considered a good thing.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	if your manner of speech or dress or mannerism identifies you with a particular subculture, that is how people will see you.
Living conditions in Africa.	africa was, and still is, a pretty awful place to live in.	i disagree.
Spanking and Understanding Consequences in Young Children.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	so why do it ? i do not see the inherent value in making your child suffer when he breaks a rule.
Gender roles and feminism in homemaking and nurturing.	i feel we have lost some important values of homemaking and nurturing.	is that true ? if not, and if you think that both men and women can fulfill this role whichever parent  wants  to and feel drawn to it then realize that feminism allowed for that.
***Possible topic: Reasons for an alien species to avoid making contact with humans.	but an alien species could collect an enormous amount of data from long distance visual observation and monitoring are telecommunication networks.	long distance visual observation is more likely, but at best they may be able to tell that the planet is habited by  something  bacteria ? complex life ? unlikely to be able to tell.
Helmet use for cyclists compared to aviation requirements.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	cycling is covered by most generic liability insurances and does not need a dedicated insurance like driving.
Comparison between laptop and tablet.	using a laptop is just a less ergonomic experience.	the huge problem, at least in my case, with tablets is that you are pretty much restricted to the operating system that they come with, which is something that i find extremely restrictive.
Scottish independence and cultural identity.	there is no real ethnic or cultural difference between scots and other brits.	subjective and debatable.
Blackface and Offense in Modern Times	being offended by someone who had painted is face black is dumb as the original issues with are not relevant nowadays.	yeah, but slavery certainly does have a link to blackface theatre.
Debate on whether inmates should receive free liver transplants.	however i see no reason for an inmate, most of which are former drug and alcohol abusers to perhaps receive a new liver, free of charge.	so if he pays it is ok ? it is only the poor that should rot and die ? if the inmate is not a drug and alcohol abuser the restriction would remain ? you also automatically presume people outside of jail are  good  people that deserve more than those that got caught.
Clarifying the "not all men are like that" argument.	when someone says  not all men are like that , the correct response is to clarify, or admit to a factual error, and not to accuse the other side of  derailing , or  changing the subject .	that said, users of the  not all x are like that  argument should be interpreted charitably too.
Differences in coping mechanisms in a relationship.	for example, say i am in a relationship and i value alone time when i get stressed.	in the example, your spouse is stressed and needs your support.
Helmet use for cyclists compared to aviation requirements.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	the risk posed by cyclists is small compared to cars.
Argument against reincarnation.	in broad terms, what is the most logical argument against the idea of reincarnation that you have heard or can come up with yourself ?	it is up to our  conscious  mind to evaluate, keep or reject those connections, and this takes mental effort; you have to ask yourself questions such as  but what are the  differences  ? what methods and procedures should i use to know whether something is true or false ? what does an emotion or gut feeling provide evidence of ?.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	i am sorry to hear he seemed to overreact to profanity when you were growing up.
Social Security and Medicare in the United States.	well, right off the bat, my grandmother and i live in the united states and a good chunk of my paycheck goes to social security and medicare.	the social security she receives is based on the money that  she  put in when she was working.
Psychiatric diagnosis and lack of understanding of biology.	the time and effort the psychiatric institution has put in the diagnosis is less than the time and effort i myself put in as far as i can tell.	go on the street and see how many people say that antibiotics kill viruses.
Charitable giving and personal sacrifices.	many charities that you may donate to pay their employees and ceo is ridiculous salaries.	those salaries are not ridiculous compared to the salaries of ceos in for profit companies.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	what the government does affects everybody, what individuals do affect only few.
Distrust in politicians and the desire for honesty in voting.	i only want to vote for someone who i could reasonably expect to be honest and trustworthy.	please stop listening to people who intellectually bankrupt enough to recommend voting rd party for national seats, when there is statistically not a more insignificant way to toss away your vote in a first past the post electoral system.
Debate on the Purpose of Organic Farming.	organic farming is supposed to be about creating an alternative to the unsustainable industrial agricultural system.	but i would still argue that it is the organic label that has to go in favor of something that makes more sense, rather than change the word  organic  to include something that is not actually organic.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	so sure, we are not legal guardians, but we will be held accountable when a student goes nuts.
Myth of European tolerance.	that european culture promotes tolerance is by far the most pervasive european myth.	i wonder what would happen to a european who went to iran and started expressing his views.
Fear of the Unknown in Natural Selection.	since natural selection shows us that the strong survive, at some point the human, or protohuman, brain tells humans that anything different is dangerous.	but the people who are not so insecure and know from education/exposure to new people that a different looking person is not a threat tend not to be racists.
The negative effects of video games on social life.	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	gamers may have fewer friends in person, but i would say their friendslist is teeming with similar online adventurers such as themselves.
Hospital Checkups and Physicals	I think regular hospital checkups are a consumption trap.	six months may be overly often, but on some schedule attending the dentist, audiologist, ophthalmologist, general practitioner is of vital importance to your long term health.
Transparency and legitimacy of large jackpots.	why do we not doubt the legitimacy of other large jackpots ?	for a long time people have been buying scratch off tickets without the ridiculous self identification laws.
Controversy surrounding Tupac's legacy and rape case.	tupac garners as much respect as he does is symptomatic of massive immaturity in certain parts of the hip hop community.	in fact, it is somewhat common for wrongful convictions to occur under these circumstances.
Morality of the Death Penalty	i think that what we call  amoral  is a huge misnomer;  amoral  is just a social contract we agree upon for the sake of ourselves and our society, rather than intrinsic right and wrong.	but then, is not the death sentence just another murder ? why is it not wrong ? why does this mean morals do not exist ? there are three clear solutions to the problem: either it is moral to kill a murderer because they deserve to be killed, it is moral to kill a murderer in order to prevent them from killing more people the total amount of murders will end up being lower , or it is not moral to kill a murderer.
Overused tropes in popular culture.	every hackneyed zombie apocalypse fiction includes a pregnant woman and a baby.	it is as overplayed a trope as  death by sex  in the slasher film or nuclear radiation causing insects to grow.
Vegetarianism and Animal Rights	the way we treat all animals are simply ignored by vegetarians.	animals will be used for food even if no humans eat it.
Spanking and Understanding Consequences in Young Children.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	if they are young enough that they just cannot comprehend bad and good behavior, spanking is not going to teach them morals either.
Making informed decisions versus immediate decisions.	others have the incentive of going with immediate decisions without making an informed choice, which i would reason, ends up in regret.	indecisiveness is worse than a bad decision, because in many more circumstances than not, some action is better than no action.
Impact of British colonization on India and global connectivity.	in countries like india, the very form of government, transportation system, schooling system, and many other indirect influence have their roots in british colonization.	the traditional science in this period was influenced by the ideas of aristotle, bhaskara ii, charaka and ibn sina.
Debate on abortion and rights of the fetus.	which should not be valid because youre killing another body. which should have rights.	i ca not be compelled to donate organs, despite the fact that you have a right not t be killed, you ca not use my body for your survival.
Doubt about human and animal evolution based on biblical beliefs.	i do not believe; however, that humans are direct descendents of any species, and i do not believe that birds and dogs for example had any common ancestor.	the extent of the information given to me in high school is that tortoises and finches showed evidence of evolution in the galapagos.
Beauty standards for women.	and places value in the superficial that is completely irrelevant.	women are not forced to compete, they sign up to participate.
Monopoly's lack of skill and excessive randomness.	games full of randomness are too boring. like many american kids, i was often forced throughout my childhood to participate in  monopoly  games with my family.	this is also the reason you teach little kids how to play tic tac toe it is easy to learn and easy to master.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	bicycles are also much less dangerous to others should the cyclist lose control of their bicycle.
Computer Science Major and Money Making	however, i am not really into the whole programming aspect, which i now realize the computer science major mostly consists of.	are you into making loads and loads of money ? then keep with it.
Wedding industry and true love.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	will you honestly say that you will get the same amount of joy from playing minesweeper on the pc vs playing some fancy new game with the oculus rift.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	also, what is wrong with seeking attention ? if attention makes you feel happy, why deny yourself that ?.
Handling emotional outbursts during a discussion.	the minute someone starts stomping their feet, uncontrollably swearing, crying, running away, or whatever no matter who is right and who is wrong the other is expected to drop their claim.	crying usually is not done on purpose and most people who cry during serious conversations wish they did not.
Debate on the importance of bodily autonomy.	and somehow  body autonomy  is some concept to be held high.  barf.	why is killing generally wrong ? you are harming someone is ba.
Inequality in the justice system for the wealthy.	maybe if a few more senator daughters or ceo sons ended up in jail with clear video evidence we would see change in our laws.	the fact that rich people can get away with more crimes has nothing to do with police discretion.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	charlie brown is lonely and depressed.
Skipping work on your birthday	not a manner of taking advantage of using your birthday to escape responsibility.	requesting a day off is not escaping responsibility.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	you need to understand that not everyone is young, well off enough to go to college, completely healthy, have the time to run, have an athletic body, and/or were raised to value athletics.
Views on the sustainability of relationships and their endings.	there is no way a relationship between two people can last and the people in that relationship actually remain happy and content with the relationship and each other.	it does not need to last forever and nothing does.
Racism and Reclaiming the Word "Nigger"	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	blacker ? what the hell is blacker ? how does one act black ? racism was still very prevalent just  years ago ! blacks were slaves  years ago.
Evolution of moral behavior in human civilization.	there is no worry of not meeting a cosmic standard; the standards are within yourself.	the more authority invested in that someone/thing that larger the city, region, state, and nation can be.
Social etiquette and behavior.	if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	there is a difference between capacity and sociability.
Comparing acoustic and electric music.	without vocal effects, bieber has been proven not to be able to reach the same notes as the white stripes have.	what is so innovative about the white stripes or jack white ? i am not sure he has made any music that is not disposable or has made any lasting mark in the music industry.
Controversy over Michael Brown's character.	i get pissed off that people think michael brown is still a saint after the video of him robbing the store was released.	he might have been a huge asshole for all i know.
Debate on the morality of business actions.	but any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	judging anything on morality is tricky.
The value and limitations of cultural differences.	cultures are not entities that have or can have rights, nor are cultural differences inherently valuable or wrong, for that matter .	just like genocide is a thing.
Helmet use for cyclists compared to aviation requirements.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	i have been cycling for most of my life.
Criticism of schools as capitalist holding cells.	there may be other dynamics at play, but the  school as capitalist holding cell, but we ca not point that out because people get mad  is at least one dynamic at play.	i hardly believe that every person that supports this system is either someone who does not understand how it works or a bitter veteran.
African American culture and ancestry.	during slavery africans had their native cultures erased and came together to form a new one for all african americans.	america is so diverse that we do not have a unified culture.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	also has the same drawbacks as mace concerning getting angry people more angry and not really disabling them.
Advantages and limitations of using tablets for reading.	a tablet saves trees, carbon dioxide, etc, but reducing the amount of paper that would normally be printed out.	tablets shatter.
The correlation between racism and crime statistics.	now there is no doubt that racism and prejudice has played a huge role in why the crime rates are why the are, but that does not change the present statistics.	i would counter that the present statistics are a direct result of racism and prejudice.
Selling products using personal songs and art.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	sometimes songs are just songs which are written to be catchy and sell good.
Men's redundancy in reproduction.	furthermore, reproductively, almost every man on earth has become redundant.	people.
Artificial Intelligence and Algorithmic Trading.	when we program increasingly complex algorithms that fight each other to death for profit at astonishing rates millions and millions of transactions per second , we start developing self improving algorithms that prey on the weaknesses of other algorithms, what does that sound like ?	and how they do that is up to me.
Accessibility to basic human needs.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	this is better for the students in the classroom than it would be if the better teacher did not apply and decide to compete with the worse teacher.
The Complexity of Racism.	racism stems from negative stereotypes that are trumped up and oppress a people in a certain group.	racism can be encompassed by more than that.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	loss of people.
Criticism of Anime Tropes and Historical Context.	i find the tropes of anime very inane, everyone looks the same, people are too serious or too wacky, the animation is clunky same expressions , the subject matter is very bizarre and i ca not stand most of the characters.	and need i say about severus snape and  always  ? my point is that there are exactly the same cliches in anime and american/european stuff.
International policing and American perspective.	why not let the rest of the world police itself for a change ?	why is it our concern ? well, because s.
Morality of the Death Penalty	i think that what we call  amoral  is a huge misnomer;  amoral  is just a social contract we agree upon for the sake of ourselves and our society, rather than intrinsic right and wrong.	as i said, there are a lot of interesting arguments supporting the claim that morality is not intrinsic, but none of the reasons you have are solid reasons for believing that claim.
The possibility of becoming rich in a capitalistic world.	however, there is one fair thing about a capitalistic world, everyone can become rich if they work hard.	in practice, a person is success in a capitalist system is determined more by the economic situation they are born into than anything else.
Homeless man's ability to care for a dog.	today i saw a homeless man with a dog and which lead me to thinking that he should not be allowed to look after the dog if he cannot even look after himself.	you are assuming that the man ca not look after himself.
Self-defense tactics and ethics.	if you do not want a vicious beating do not go around attacking people unjustly.	it is foolish to expect a smaller person to give a much larger person a second opportunity to attack them it is really foolish for anyone, but moreso for smaller people.
The unrealistic idea of living the "good life".	the good life is that im going to do all these drugs, blow my money, travel, have sex, get to know as many people as possible and die when i die.	stops getting you high ? when your body is falling apart on you and you ca not tolerate being sober for even a minute, because you see that your life is meaningless and the people around you do not care about you, and the people you used to love have all drifted away ? what happens if you  do not  die, and you are , you look like you are , you have got hiv or hepatitis, and you have got nothing to your name ? you kill yourself ? i mean, in summary, what does a life like this really look like ? i think that people who dive head first into this kind of lifestyle are running from some deep, serious suffering, and they think that if they run fast enough they might just be able to feel something good before they die.
The use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	i greeted all my friends with nigger and also used to refer to my dark skinned friend as nigger.
Making informed decisions versus immediate decisions.	others have the incentive of going with immediate decisions without making an informed choice, which i would reason, ends up in regret.	waiting a whole semester to try again for xxa is not the smart decision here.
Unhealthy lifestyle habits and misconceptions about food intake.	i would eat massive amounts of junk food, never get exercise, and basically use my computer all day during my free time.	i would not say that an overweight person trying to lose weight unsuccessfully is lazy, but if they are honest about their efforts then they are probably going about it the wrong way.
Advantages of being bisexual.	to my way of thinking, being a bisexual would be great.	this would  still  be the case if you were bisexual, i ca not imagine being rejected by a guy is any easier than a woman.
Controversy surrounding Blackwater's operations in Iraq.	or even the entirety of the us military vs blackwater blackwater never had a single failed mission in iraq .	you do realize blackwater no longer exists changing its name to  xe  then  academi  now  constelis  in part because the iraqi government barred them from operating in the country ? and that the us did not even oppose the iraqis in that move because it was precipitated by an incident in which blackwater employees drove through a neighborhood shooting.
Controversy surrounding engineering PhDs designing lethal weapons.	engineering phds are shaping modern society and changing the world.	engineering is not inherently good.
Criticism of polyamorous relationships.	polyamory just seems like a rather immature way to have a relationship with.	i feel like the onus is on you to explain why the sexual practices of other consenting adults should be condemned.
Comparison of Iran and Israel's behavior in world affairs.	iran has proven itself to be a pragmatic and rational actor in world affairs.	this is exactly why western states do not want iran to develop nuclear capabilities.
Use of force in a situation.	you should only use the minimum amount of force as is necessary to escape the situation.	so, anyway, actual use of force: this is also tricky, but the legal definitions are pretty clear.
Cruise activities and limitations.	cruises are also full of activities to keep yourself and your kids occupied during the trip.	i do not have any children, and i am perfectly able to keep myself occupied on a trip without going on a cruise.
Grandfather Paradoxes and Time Travel.	logical grandfather paradoxes were made up for drama and to relate people to the story.	from your point of view, you only tried one number, and it was right.
Inconsistencies in the Marvel Universe.	concepts such as rampant mutantphobia, the construction of sentinels, apocalypse, the sh iar, etc are never addressed in, say, captain america.	another example, in the captain america sequel, cap, black widow, and falcon dude go at it alone against a significant threat that should by all means attract the attention of hulk, iron man, etc.
Advocating for higher speed limits on roads.	the roads can be safely navigated at higher speeds.	it is true that people who drive slower than everyone else cause accidents, but if everyone followed the speed limit then none of this would happen.
Escalator etiquette and passing direction.	i said the  passing side of the escalator  because i suppose in some countries people may pass on the right.	just because you are unhappy with the speed of the escalator does not mean people ought to make room for you to pass.
Challenging the Link between Slavery and Black Household Poverty.	which would lead me to believe that the obvious argument of  slavery black households are forever impoverished  is a weak one.	it is saying that, regardless of racial discrimination, the american wealth gap has been increasing for the past few decades with much of the gains going to people who grew up in families of significant wealth.
Value of entertainment media.	while three or four dollars is not much money on its own, the entertainment value of the product, in my experience, not worth the amount i pay.	for me, the entertainment value of a superman comic book would be zero.
Comparison of gymnastics and rock climbing.	yet gymnastics asks one to maneuver their bodies into shapes that the human figure is not meant to form.	there is no powering through it like other high intensity sports.
Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	that being said, gay people can have kids without having to resort to any unnatural processes such as artificial insemination.
Privacy and Online Sharing of Childhood Memories.	today is adults grew up without their every  adorable  embarrassing moment being stored online for posterity.	however does not other forms of media pose the same risks as the ones you suggest ? also is it just the pictures ? or the    posting their daily activities and photos for all to see because if it is the latter, which is including their daily activities, then sure i agree.
Faith in Competent Leaders and Historical Perspective on Problems.	would not you feel more comfortable putting your faith in the hands of honest, educated, competent people, then a majority that is lacking most of those things ?	also, your e more likely to vote if you are educated, not uneducated so your premise is kind of self defeating.
Unpleasant tasks in nursing.	someone who is willing to shave your butthole is someone you can depend on for anything.	nurses often have to shave patients and preform other jobs which are considered disgusting.
Societal expectations and objectification of women's bodies.	on a certain level, is not everyone selling their body ?	at least they are actually selling their body and getting compensated for it.
The risks and roles of joining the US armed forces.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	the typical person who joins the us military today has little chance of actually killing a civilian yet they get a whole lot more blame.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	make sure minors and low income people always have some access to mental health services for free.
Validity of statistical studies on parenting and same-sex marriage.	the only valid statistical studies we have have shown that a biological mother and father to be the best, on average, for children.	which really has nothing to do with same sex marriage since most of those studies examined children raised by heterosexual parents.
Monogamy and Sexual Attraction.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	ultimately though it is about trust, honesty, and dedication.
Men's rights to opt out of child support.	men should be able to opt out of supporting a child.	i have helped people try and do  streamlined,  form guided legal action.
Charitable giving and personal sacrifices.	many charities that you may donate to pay their employees and ceo is ridiculous salaries.	when you get up to ridiculous amounts of money, you encounter diminishing returns.
Comparison of economic opportunities between USA and Switzerland.	us policies reduce its citizens economic and opportunities.	who gives a fuck about switzerland ? the landlocked, marginal population who is current global contributions are chocolate and watches ? the usa brings change everywhere.
Recognition for sobriety versus problem-solving accomplishments.	some people stay sober their entire lives, and are never given accolades or congratulations.	we applaud people for solving problems and overcoming challenges.
Far-right extremism and its definition.	i believe fascist neo nazi groups, the kkk, the golden dawn or any religious extremist group like radical islamism all fall under the far right.	if someone tried to start that in the s, they would be swiftly shut the fuck down.
Canadian soldiers and public reaction to their deaths.	canadian soldiers recently killed are receiving an undue amount of compassion and attention.	who are you to say that this is less tragic then everyone else thinks it is ? this seems to be your point.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	the main difference between the prequel trilogy and the original is that all of the technical innovations were less noticeable.
Atheism and Religion Beliefs.	i just ca not imagine a scenario where i say nothing then someone else says something about their religion or some analogy and i say  oh i guess you are right then, your religion here is real .	you are taking a side on the debate, and therefore, if you expect to persuade your debating partner in any way, the onus does lie on you to explain why you do not believe god exists.
Back to sleep campaign and flat headedness concerns.	serious negative effects of the  back to sleep  campaign has been the rise in incidence of flat headedness.	where are you getting these stats ? according to the cdc,  in , infants died from sids in  misread the publication.
Streaming quality and selection on various services.	the selection across pretty much all streaming services is crap.	with streaming services, there is no limit to the selection.
Racial profiling and discrimination by police.	but if the same policeman finds a black kid with facial tattoos, a thick accent and pants around his knees we see that kid go to jail.	if you go to a job interview like that, odds are you wo not be hired.
The War on Christmas and Religious Inclusivity.	the real goal of the  war on christmas  is to claim ownership of the end of the year, and pressure others to only acknowledge the christian holiday and exclude all others.	the small issue i take here is that we have a bit of subjectivity here.
Far-right extremism and its definition.	i believe fascist neo nazi groups, the kkk, the golden dawn or any religious extremist group like radical islamism all fall under the far right.	people will start self policing their beliefs, and this leads to a loss of freedom.
Gay dating apps and promiscuity.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	you are, perhaps, right gay culture is often linked with promiscuity.
HOA's role in maintaining property values.	one of the main goals of an hoa are to help maintain or even increase the value of the homes in the neighborhood by preventing people from doing things that would lower property values.	there is more to determining the value of something than simply looking up its price.
Belief in God and personal stance on religion.	i mean god as a supreme being/entity who is all knowing, all powerful, and created the universe.	much like having root access, you can implicitly deny yourself read/write/delete access to a file on the system, and then not have the ability to edit it, delete it, or see its contents.
Sliced vs Whole Sandwiches	a sliced sandwich is always superior to one that has not been sliced.	the smaller tapered edges of a triangle would cause these pieces to fall out or than a rectangular slice.
Maturity on Reddit and Mental Health Support.	reddit often is not mature enough to deal with those kinds of posts.	she was not a hotline.
Criticism of societal conformity and its consequences.	in real life if you point out that the emperor lacks clothing, the emperor and everyone pretending to see otherwise decide to hate you, yell at you, and may try to kill you.	what would you rather these people be doing ? they are currently training to participate in a system that helps the world to run the way it does.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	it is not a value judgment they are not  really  saying that what you are doing is morally wrong even if they choose to phrase it that way.
Benefits of paying off small debts.	paying off a small debt instantly  adds  to your emergency fund.	if you stop paying off debts for whatever reason, you still have immediate benefits from your efforts because you have eliminated a few monthly payments.
Income inequality and poverty alleviation.	if there are adequate systems for poor people to escape poverty such as education then there is nothing wrong with a broad income spectrum.	the systems are not adequate due to a lack of redistribution resulting in poor education quality.
Voter ID laws and discrimination against minorities.	i do not believe that the politicians who made voter id laws did so to discriminate against poor minorities.	thus, the poor, who have no need and often no time to get photo id, are disenfranchised, and all of a sudden are not allowed to vote.
Military service and civic duty.	i feel that expressing my opinions with my vote, protest, and activism does more good than joining the military to lay down my life for a corrupt government.	when was the last time there was a draft ? a nation needs to defend itself, and that is the duty of living in a nation.
Disadvantages of mobile websites on budget smartphones.	there is not a single instance where a mobile website is preferable to a full site.	images, animations, etc.
Longevity and happiness in relationships.	there is no way a relationship between two people can last and the people in that relationship actually remain happy and content with the relationship and each other.	my special people fill needs, not just really great sex, but emotional needs as well.
The Selectivity of Love	love is not something you can throw around nilly willy.	there is nothing fundamental about love the requires a person can only feel that way about exactly one other person.
Abortion and Carelessness.	but lets be honest, there are not even close to a majority of rape and birth defect screeners getting abortions.	i take issue with this statement.
Debate on Republican stance on abortion.	on a similar note, republicans would also like to take away the ability to have safe, clean abortions from my friends who are ciswomen.	your demand for allowing the murder of unborn children angers and terrifies me as well, but laws are supposed to be secular so i agree with you not that abortion should be legal, but that there should not be religious based laws.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	this can be useful.
Importance of lectures and exams in academic performance.	the recommended textbook should only used as a study aid, not as a replacement for lectures.	in that case it is something you have to prepare for.
Judging books by their covers.	you can judge a book by its cover.	being able to  read people  accuratly is harder than most poeople think.
Financial stability and selling out.	when you obviously have enough to be financially stable, everything after that is pure greed and no matter how great your work was in the past, the fact that you have lost your values undermines it.	if a punk band that rallies against consumerism and the corporate machine, only to later sell a song to a multinational mall franchise, they have definitely betrayed their principles and causes, and they  have  sold out.
The subjectivity of opinions in news media.	opinions are seen as facts that are carelessly spewed from various news propaganda organizations.	as of today, we have no technology that lets us control the reasoning and beliefs of other people.
Abortion and Carelessness.	but lets be honest, there are not even close to a majority of rape and birth defect screeners getting abortions.	yes it does happen, but the majority are stupid people being careless and swinging by planned parenthood for a plan b.
Benefits of paying off small debts.	paying off a small debt instantly  adds  to your emergency fund.	paying off a $, credit card eliminates an entire monthly payment, whereas paying $, off a car just makes progress on paper.
Importance of taking a day off on your birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	it does not necessarily have to but it certainly can be.
Political stance on healthcare access restrictions.	conservatives wish to restrict my fellow americans  ability to access healthcare.	first off, i do not consider myself a republican/conservative, i consider myself a centrist.
Debate on the Purpose of Organic Farming.	organic farming is supposed to be about creating an alternative to the unsustainable industrial agricultural system.	i do not think that is what organic farming is about at all.
Nature of human rights and moral constructs.	i believe all rights given to any human are social constructs, produced by society from moral structures determined by a multitude of factors.	however, all of these rights can be removed in some way, and are not somehow intrinsically given to a human at birth.
Comparison between vans and pickup trucks for moving.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	i have also seen plenty of trucks pulling trailers as trucks tend to have much better pull than a car or van.
The value and enjoyment of magic tricks.	working out how the magic trick was done is half the fun for me and i think most people .	the last and least essential part  if  someone finds the answer is having them still impressed by how it was done.
Animal sentience and the desire to live.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	it is our will to live that partly drove our evolution.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	using a laptop is just a less ergonomic experience.
Severity of punishment for unintentional wrongdoings.	If a person does something wrong unintentionally, he should not be punished very severely	so what they will make that up in the next heist.
Limitations of a all-powerful being with different laws of physics.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	such as can he create an indestructible wall that he cannot break no matter how much he tried ? or can he create a box which makes it impossible for him to know what is happening inside ?  all powerful  can simply mean  most powerful being that is logically possible.
Modern art and its connection to meaning.	same is true with a lot of modern art.	there is a lot of information in the context that you are missing.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	and you are rationalizing it by saying  she  needs to  learn tolerance.
Limitations of God-given rights.	since these rights were given to people by god, people can not take these rights away.	in short, any system of ethics based on faith alone is unjustifiable in a secular society because you are imposing your own social contract on everyone else, just with your own personal religious axioms and commandments.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	people have to be responsible for their actions.
Transgender identity and body dysphoria.	mtf or ftm trans i think are misguided, yes.	this simply is not true, because transgender people are typically uncomfortable with the anatomy that they are given, and being trans has biological causes URL basically, you could totally get rid of gender roles altogether and you would still have trans people.
The limitations of identifying as a feminist ally.	if i identify as a feminist ally and mainstream feminism decides to go off the deep end, my ally status nevertheless shackles me to a movement over which i have no influence.	but the term ally means that i have decided that i should not have a say in the way the movement is conducted.
Challenges with Arab Muslim perceptions of Westerners.	i understand that not all arabic muslims want my head on a platter, but enough do to constantly have struggles over there.	additionally, it is not as if these last  years have been completely up to them.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	assuming expansion is faster than size of one electron per second, that is eternity.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	while this is true, there is a limit to everything.
The Value of Time and Effort Over Monetary Gifts.	i also add that i personally value the gift of time and effort above most monetary gifts because that is something that everyone values about the same.	and yes, if a millionaire decides to donate the money they intended to spend on a yacht meaning they do not get a boat or even get a smaller one than what they wanted, i would consider that a sacrifice and therefore that they were being generous.
Comparison of parenting styles: biological vs polygamous vs same-sex marriage.	the only valid statistical studies we have have shown that a biological mother and father to be the best, on average, for children.	examples: how will we prevent polygynic abusive relationships, costs vs.
The influence of effort and opportunity on human potential.	some traits can be highly influenced by effort e. g.	do you agree with the premise of eugenics ?.
Testing Ideas in Physics	ideas in physics are much easier to test.	current research in physics the new ideas that i believe you are thinking about are by no means easy to test.
Impact of Driverless Cars on Insurance and Corporations.	most importantly large insurance companies will take a hit from this, and we all know who calls the shots in the us government, the big corps.	for example, many people are too afraid to ride on a plane because it is out of there control, however they are comfortable driving long distances, even though it is statistically much more dangerous.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	get then them to trust mental health providers.
Doubt about human and animal evolution based on biblical beliefs.	i do not believe; however, that humans are direct descendents of any species, and i do not believe that birds and dogs for example had any common ancestor.	the concerns i have with using this as evidence of evolution, and these concerns may be part of a misunderstanding of evolution, are that we do not see living examples of these steps, while we do have living examples of less evolved primates.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	it is durable.
Debate on abortion and rights of the fetus.	which should not be valid because youre killing another body. which should have rights.	i think you misunderstand the arguments for abortion.
Availability of unlimited soft drinks in the UK and Germany.	in the uk,  unlimited soft drinks  is a novelty concept used only by select few chains, such as pizza hut.	that is what i did in germany at least, if it was not a time i could be drinking beer i just did not have anything to drink with my meals.
Exploitation of Potential Outside Public Education System.	so, a society has more to gain by exploiting their potential than that of the average student.	its the ones that are not that need our resources so they can be more intellectuals.
Body positivity and weight acceptance.	there is a lot going around the internet in regards to people being comfortable with their weight.	while i think judging someone based on their weight is wrong, at the same time it is a good place to start.
Discussion of the distinction between sex crimes and voyeurism.	what we have here is not a sex crime, but a technologically advanced version of a peeping tom.	no one is arguing all sex crimes are equal.
Link between slavery and blackface theatre.	a lot of people are butthurt about slavery, but slavery has no link to any of these traditions.	that really is not that different from blackface at all.
The risks and roles of joining the US armed forces.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	ultimately, if you do not like what the military potentially does in wars like iraq, then  you  are responsible as a citizen to vote out those officials who decided to do so.
Challenges with Rational Thinking in Textual Analysis.	two people saying vastly different things both being considered right hurts my fundamental understand of the way that rational thinking works.	one of the most interesting parts of it is the discussion it creates; art in any form is a fantastic way to express feelings, convey messages, and importantly generate discussion around the conclusions people draw from them.
The use of vague language in media reporting.	limp words such as that are used by media outlets of all political persuasions in preference to terms that are more informative and accurate, qualities normally appreciated in news coverage.	how is sex worker less informative and accurate than prostitute ? how is it bland ? and why is it bad that is neutral ? what is wrong with using a less derogatory term ? do you have anything against sex workers ? none of those questions are answered in your op.
Stress and fear of failure in academics.	the thought of a bad grade on homework which should be helping us learn is just stress that we might fail and be punished for life because of it.	life is stressful and you should learn to deal with it in class instead of in the real world, when it is far too late.
Inequality and fairness in corporate hiring practices.	I think there is a lot of inequality in corporate hiring right now, and a lot of people who get eliminated actually meet the job requirements associated with the position.	where would you draw the line and how would you determine what is fair in regards to the hiring process ? should hires not list their education as it may be seen too favorably perhaps they went to the same school as the boss ? should previous experience be left out because of a conflict of interest ? went to a good school ? privileged.
The Benefits and Limitations of Cruises	i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, you should go on a cruise.	so, maybe you really meant  i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, and can travel there on a cruise, and a cruise actually does provide you with the most cost efficient and luxurious trip, you should go on a cruise.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	in a sense loss of a loved one produces the deepest recognition of their value because in this final moment we understand treasure a good person was.
Quality of life versus quantity of life.	but i would personally choose a happier, shorter life over a less happy, longer life.	armageddon the movie or at least build shelter to ensure some humans survive.
Choosing to Keep or Change Last Name After Marriage	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	you can decline to change your name for any of the reasons listed above without being selfish, and still have a strong, loving marriage.
Inaccuracies in the Gregorian calendar.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	the main reason to make the change is purely financial.
Disabling Ads and Payment Methods.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	URL acceptable ads are not annoying.
Escalator etiquette.	my point is that on escalators, polite and considerate people stand on the standing side and pass on the passing side.	why does traffic etiquette/law need to be followed when there are neither vehicles nor roads involved ? it makes sense for cars, because we are traveling at high speeds and need to maintain space between cars for safety.
Difference between medical school and pharmacy school.	if you have not gone to medical school and graduated with a m. d.	pharmacy school is not medical school.
The authenticity of social media posts regarding mental health.	these kinds of posts are easy to fake for attention.	these posts can collect a fair amount of comments trying to talk people out of it, with a nice little karma boost for the op when they change their mind.
Anarchism and societal organization.	the second issue is what has you convinced that humans are organized enough to have a society like this.	how on earth would we organize this well to have all these privatized things going on ? we have a hard enough time maintaining our comparatively uncomplicated governments today.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	you are making a  huge  jump from  landing a manned mission on mars  to  shipping all the wealthy people out in to space.
Critique of the privilege/oppression dichotomy.	however, as a tool for understanding the basis of these social phenomena, the privilege/oppression dichotomy is not that useful.	and like i said, the  oppressor/oppressed  dynamic is already a pretty outdated belief system.
Importance of lectures and exams in academic performance.	the recommended textbook should only used as a study aid, not as a replacement for lectures.	final grades coming only from exams means that your entire progress in the class hinges on those exams and those exams only.
Advantages of being attractive	i believe because of these factors, attractive people ultimately have happier lives and have way more success while putting in way less work, financially, socially, and emotionally.	so ugly people tend to gang up on attractive people.
Different views on success and retirement planning.	my idea of success is having a roof over my head, a steady supply of food, one used car, and a way to obtain the small salary, and also to have remaining spending money to entertain myself.	what if you get into a car accident, surely with that type of salary you cannot cover most medical expenses.
Obama's responsibility to address cyberbullying in schools.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	and by the way, do you  really  think that obama has not been on the receiving end of what you would call bullying ? because if you think he has not, you really have not been paying attention.
Advancements in public health.	from hygiene improvements, to increasing indoor plumbing, to funding research programs into vaccines and future medicines.	even if we poured billions of dollars into improvement, that still would not change anything.
Controversy surrounding Arvo in a video game.	we all love lee even though he did something just as bad; we ca not judge arvo for what little we have seen of him especially in his state.	regardless, that is not an excuse, and there are plenty of examples out there that show arvo was a relatively bad person.
Debate on Greg's Actions and Natural Rights.	in my opinion, greg is actions are completely within the bounds of  natural rights  and the motto that  your rights end where my nose begins .	greg is basically knowingly committing premeditated genocide.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	no one will try to rob you if you have an expensive book.
Suppressors and firearm noise reduction.	contrary to what video games tell you, suppressors do not make a firearm completely silent.	in fact, they only reduce the noise level from around  to  db.
Misalignment of school and financial years with calendar years.	school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years.	again, what is the point of changing, other than to satisfy one is desire for that neatness ? the seasons are pretty arbitrary divisions as well   even though the weather is different for each one it is not as if you go to bed one day when it is autumnal and wake up in deep, snowy winter.
Belief in God and the Need for Evidence	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	there is nothing really logical about your assumption to the issue about the lack of evidence of god.
Spoilers and their impact on people.	if you do not care about the show, why get all uppity if you now know the ending ?	sometimes in the case of archaic shows or really popular shows it happens.
Men's rights to opt out of child support.	men should be able to opt out of supporting a child.	practically, this is likely to require action that will extend beyond a woman is legal ability to get an abortion.
Airline seat reclining etiquette.	additionally, my employer expects me to get work done and pays for wifi.	your employer is expecting you to work in a lousy, cramped environment.
Religion as a Scapegoat for Logic and Knowledge.	people try to use their  religion  as a scapegoat for logic, reason, and the pursuit of knowledge; i. e.	if a person is desperate enough, they will cling to an idea and follow it as a means of improving their lives.
Impact of voting in swing states/ridings.	unless you live in a swing state/riding, your vote is not going to make a difference.	this depends alot on the voting method used.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	for both parties, this largely entails maintaining a government that enough people feel they have a stake in, pandering to the voter, and excepting the monetary influence from lobbyist that is necessary to keep office.
Minimum wage and tipping in service businesses.	i believe that enforcing a minimum wage for these type of service businesses would alleviate the issues we have with tipping.	if you ca not handle that, maybe being a server is not the right job for you.
Feasibility of a classless society and job distribution.	proponents of a classless society: how do you realistically see the society functioning so that the  hard  jobs are not all vacant ?	in a  classless society , the presumption would be that everyone would earn enough money to take care of the basic essentials of life and would be afforded a dignified retirement.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	technological and material advancements work lock step with social ones, so even though:   wealth distribution is at its worst since  source .
The role of the government in business and society.	society needs rich people to look up to.	businesses are able to function better because government creates at atmosphere were they can prosper or at least they should attempt to.
Government spending priorities.	i think govt should spend money on their own citizens and improve their quality of life than wars and supporting other countries.	you would also have to consider the impact free boarding schools for the impoverished would have on poor communities.
The subjectivity of opinions in news media.	opinions are seen as facts that are carelessly spewed from various news propaganda organizations.	your arguments, however, are really about misunderstandings of that phrase rather than about the phenomenon itself.
Religion and Logic	i just ca not see how intelligence and logical reasoning can coexist with religious beliefs.	you ca not assume that there are only two outcomes to that question or that it is even a dilemma, and still call yourself logical.
Personal finance and household budgeting.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	it means that if your spouse wants to leave, they will have absolutely no resources they can put their hands to.
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	women are allowed to wear these items and go to these places because society agrees that they should be safe and that these items do not give acceptance to rape.
Advantages of using vans for moving compared to pickup trucks.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	just because they were not carrying a load at the time, does not mean they are never used to carry a load.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	it very well could be that person was an independent self sustaining human being and through no fault or choice of their own, they lost the means to support themselves.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	we know that the universe tries to be as simple and elegant as possible as seen by math and science and thus it makes no sense to include god into the equation we also know that engineers try to be as simple and elegant as possible, which could point to an engineered universe.
Foreign policy and government services in the US.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	quite the contrary, if it were not for us policies and influence a lot of global trade and international business opportunities would simply not exist.
Debate on the morality of business actions.	but any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	you do not go to jail for simply acting immoral.
Internet censorship and child safety.	imagine your child browsing the internet, doing research for a project, or just browsing around.	without it, he or she would be encountering this type of content on a daily basis, scarring them for life.
The nature of happiness and fulfillment.	all the ways in which one can be happy, fulfilled, or satisfied are merely the satisfaction of constant cravings we are used to.	if an entire argument or perspective has an assumption that is fundamental to it what happens if this assumption was shown to be incorrect ? what about new experiences that bring happiness or pleasure ? for example: a child eating sweets for the first time; the first use of a drug; introduction to, and enjoyment of, music; meditation; the first time trying a type of food extension of the child eating sweets ; the first adrenaline rush; the sudden realisation of the beauty of something nature, patterns, etc also, what makes you think that pleasure is the relief of cravings, rather than cravings often being the desire to experience a state of pleasure again ? what would absolute positive even be ? is not happiness relative to neutrality ? how can experiencing something pleasurable and new be simply the fulfillment of a craving one is not aware of such a craving.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	first degree murder requires murder plus another felony e.
Minimum wage and its impact on businesses.	furthermore, our businesses will be the most affected by the increase of the mw.	currently, companies like mcdonald is and walmart heavily rely on part time workers in order to avoid providing benefits.
Responsibility for civilian casualties in conflicts involving Hamas.	hamas has no real choice other than to hide within the civilian population.	if hamas knows they will be targeted, and they purposefully choose to store weapons and ammo where civilians can be harmed, how is it israel is responsibility if there are casualties ? if you are going to blow up where i am, wherever that is, and i knowingly stay in a school building, have not i inherently placed those kids in danger ? is not attacking israel not an option ? they choose to make themselves targets by continuing aggressions.
Moving large objects or heavy lifting.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	most of the pickup trucks i saw where not carrying a massive load, there was just a person in the truck.
The value of writing and existence.	my books would most likely just be lost to time and pointlessness, so why even bother ?	that is okay.
Evolution of moral behavior in human civilization.	there is no worry of not meeting a cosmic standard; the standards are within yourself.	then we invented civilization which among other things required an extension of moral behavior to strangers.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	did we ship all the wealthy people up to the moon to leave all the poor on earth ? no.
Monitoring and regulating illegal online activity.	no human sees any images or communication that is not illegal except in cases of false positive.	a computer search can uncover everything of possible interest and allow those , false positives to be an offering to the greater good.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	that is just good manners, even if the action in question does not seem like a big deal.
The negative effects of video games on social life.	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	there may be a more foreign feeling to gamers when socially interacting with others, but again i would say that there is a noticeable difference when people who are not commoners of the mmo worlds step foot into the virtual world.
Snoop Dogg criticizing a young rapper's skills.	now snoop is one of the few active og, why the fuck is he gonna go diss a young rapper ?	missy elliot ? she is good, but that was then.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	onto your specific points.
Pregnancy as a Non-Disease in Healthcare	pregnancy is not a disease that needs to be cured.	access to contraception is a health issue because it is been universally shown that easy access to contraception directly correlates to healthier, more economically prosperous societies URL this is why the gates foundation has pledged to get birth control to  million women in the poorest countries in the world URL as part of their global development efforts.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	you grew up with those dudes that got blown up, and while they had sketchy friends, they were not into anything serious.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	it is an inconsistency, yet one that is nothing more than a cultural shift.
Misconceptions about feminism and equality.	the only argument i hear when i mention my views on this, is that feminism has evolved into what i would like in a equal rights movement.	i think, by definition, feminism advocates for  gender equality  which does include both sexes how can you make women equal to men without making men equal to women ? it is just that modern feminism tends to focus more on how society views gender as a whole and should not hold people to gender stereotypes and this is how they end up advocating for men is rights in a roundabout way.
Negative stereotypes of welfare recipients.	the program also contributes to the view of welfare recipients as lazy druggies and moochers.	if you have a drug addiction problem, then welfare will only enable your habit.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	many of their wives play with them even.
Scotland's potential independence and its impact on the UK's military.	well, first of all, the uk, currently the fourth largest military power in the world and a country that has a permanent seat on the un security council would be decimated in its strength.	i do not think that a one third of one percent reduction in military spending  decimates  the free world is ability to fight especially when you compare our combined budgets with that of our presumed enemies.
Utilitarianism and Animal Suffering.	all mammals can feel pain, and coming from a utilitarian viewpoint, any suffering is bad if the pros do not outweigh the cons.	a utilitarian viewpoint is not that simple.
Challenges faced by atheists in society.	no one knows what your religious views are unless you tell them.	more often, they try to keep it quiet for as long as possible, for this very reason.
Types of atheism and their beliefs.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	weak atheists just do not believe that god exists.
Becoming a Military Doctor and Paying for Medical School.	my plan was to graduate college and join the ushs the military medical school and become and army doctor. i am also poor and medical school in the military from what i understand pays for smart kids.	fyi, you do not have to go to ushs to be a military doctor.
Gun Training and Safety.	training should focus on both the legal framework regarding gun usage and proper shooting technique and gun maintenance.	there is some speculation that a number of suicides and domestic abuse incidents are classified as accidental gun deaths.
Moral significance of animals and their killing for enjoyment.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	you have decided to assert a very controversial claim that completely founds your argument without data to back it up.
Regretting tattoos obtained at a retreat.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	but, you can always get a tattoo re done.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	an airplane would take a while to attack him.
The expectation of donating in richer circles.	lastly, i will put forth what i think is a better way of deciding whom to call generous and whom to not.	any amount that person donates will take away money from somebody the donator cares about.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	republicans do whatever keeps them in power, just like democrats.
Importance of Industry Experience in Politics.	we will finally be able to have smart politicians instead of popular politicians in office.	a stay at home mother may make no money at all, but she is still contributing to society.
Advantages of not having children and family business.	not having child is objectively a great decision, economically, time wise, etc.	many families have children that help out on the farm or family business.
Super Smash Bros Melee character lineup nostalgia	what was great about super smash bros, and why melee remains my most played video game of all time, was largely because the lineup was almost solely made up of iconic characters.	those first two characters are characters i  only know  from the smash series.
The effectiveness of learning in school.	and do not get me wrong, i am not saying that students do not learn anything in school.	as in what else ? obviously, in the situation where you put developing minds in a room together for  years of their life then they of course will learn something, because human children are hard wired to learn stuff.
Opinions on clapping at the end of a performance.	please change my view so i can stop getting annoyed when a theatre full of people clap.	i am not really clapping for them, but for myself and those who experienced the movie with me.
Job market and wages in China.	the competition is extremely high for all kinds of jobs hence why salaries are pressed down, especially for entry level positions.	in china, average wages are rising, including the migrant workers.
Societal expectations and objectification of women's bodies.	on a certain level, is not everyone selling their body ?	they fuck for a living, and are able to travel all over the world.
Blame on Neglectful Mothers.	but the lion is share of blame rests with neglectful mothers.	i just wanted to ask why you were singling out the mothers here.
Becoming a Military Doctor and Paying for Medical School.	my plan was to graduate college and join the ushs the military medical school and become and army doctor. i am also poor and medical school in the military from what i understand pays for smart kids.	a military surgeon will never see that much.
The joy of getting married in a simple way.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	if you do not value a big ceremony, do not dare women who want one.
Impact of voting in swing states/ridings.	unless you live in a swing state/riding, your vote is not going to make a difference.	now that it has, it could be the beginning of a universal coverage system in future governments.
Religion's dual nature as conservative and revolutionary.	religion, in nature, is conservative and/or reactionary.	what are st century values ? how is it stifling progress ? funny thing about evil acts, any excuse will do.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	we cannot be content with a student failing courses, because it is  important  for them to learn these concepts ! mandatory homework is one way to ensure the students learn something from the course.
The existence of supernatural beings and their paradoxes.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	devil is advocate i consider the belief in something supernatural as irrational :  being all knowing and all powerful leads to paradoxes.
Comparison of Soviet and US Cartoons.	i used to watch soviet cartoons which are diametrically different from the ones produced in the us.	i disagree that it somehow programs children to grow into adulthood not knowing fantasy from reality, hence our ability to ditch the belief in santa, the tooth fairy and the easter bunny.
The subjectivity of opinions in news media.	opinions are seen as facts that are carelessly spewed from various news propaganda organizations.	everyone is entitled to their opinion  is a statement of fact.
Existence of beings comparable to gods in the universe.	isnt the obvious extrapolation that beings exist in the universe which are comparable to gods or higher powers ?	gods are supernatural beings, outside of reality.
The ethics of financial control in abusive relationships.	as long as an allowance, or a budgeted income, or financial control is not a tool being used to facilitate physical, emotional, or sexual abuse, then i do not believe those behaviors in and of themselves constitute abuse.	can you agree that typically if you are in an abusive relationship, there is most likely more than one type of abuse going on ? i think that is a pretty obvious situation, so if someone is being  financially abused , then they are also probably being mentally, emotionally and/or physically abused as well.
Disorganization of icons on computer and physical desktop.	on windows, we have a mess of system icons and application icons just sitting there loose to drag around.	so far, it is a solid imitation.
Taxation and Wealth Distribution.	if you do not pay federal income tax your either a criminal or poor.	or your own earnings.
Comparison of superhero film franchises.	hero is fine, shit happens to hero, hero saves day, the end.	when i went to see guardians of the galaxy, i went to see how a studio could make me care about a talking racoon, an ent, and a dude who is generic ass name is  drax the destroyer  i loved them all.
Revolt of sports team for social justice.	the idea that a team s would stage some sort of revolt is hopelessly naive.	no corporation wants to be associated with slave trade and corruption.
Internet and Social Networking Usage.	or users would just stop using social networking as much.	the majority of people i know use com cast for internet.
Voter ID laws and discrimination against minorities.	i do not believe that the politicians who made voter id laws did so to discriminate against poor minorities.	just because politicians do not have malicious intent with passing these laws, does not mean that the result of the laws does not have a negative impact.
Cost-effectiveness of a program.	the cost of instituting the program is greater than the cost of the few people who actually mooch off the system.	anytime you make welfare harder to get, you will probably save money.
Body image and beauty standards.	what i do not support is companies saying that real beauty is being round and curvy when in actuality, that may not be very healthy and should not be settled for.	why do you feel offended when other people find self love and acceptance ? curvy is a shape, not a health diagnosis.
Financial Responsibility and Choice of Spending.	i am forced to pay at least partially for all of these things and offered no way to choose where my money goes.	the government is something we mostly all agree is necessary.
Comparison between laptop and tablet.	using a laptop is just a less ergonomic experience.	i use a laptop for pretty much all of my work.
Testing Ideas in Physics	ideas in physics are much easier to test.	the results from cern were groundbreaking, but it was just a confirmation.
Fairness in including same-sex marriage and other types of relationships.	on what principle would we act to include same sex marriage that would not be unfair towards other types of relationships like same sex throuples or polygamists, etc ?	two entirely seperate issues, maybe someday polygamous marriages are also allowed, but it does not really matter in the issue.
Debate on American apathy towards soccer.	the constant stream of debate on the positives/negatives of association football as a sport have been the biggest driver behind american is apathy towards the sport.	probably, just the fact that it is not been a televised, high profile sport in the us for very long is a problem.
The difficulty of impressing audiences in entertainment industry.	we can no longer shock, horrify, scare, or blow the minds off of audiences any more.	we have young family tv, women tv, older teen tv, older people tv, etc.
Dislike towards people who are pro-violence.	indeed, anybody who is  pro violence  i automatically dislike.	go ahead and judge away.
Morality and free will in relation to God.	i will not entertain the idea that morality is relative.	going back to st.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	that is what i mean by needless abortions.
Police use of lethal firearms.	first off, why do your day to day patrol officers need lethal firearms ?	sometimes police officers encounter someone carrying firing these weapons, either at civilians or uniformed men.
The meaning of life.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	your existence and your actions still happened even if there is no record of them.
Morality of the Second World War	the second world war can be seen as a black and white moral struggle against monstrously oppressive forces.	would the cold war happen without ww ? i am sure people in afghanistan, vietnam, korea, and certain south american countries see the cold war as a force equally bad to the holocaust.
Automation and State Ownership of Robots.	eventually, all the jobs will theoretically be gone, then all of the robots need to be owned by the state, otherwise the majority of the populace become nothing more than the property of those that own the robots.	that falling price of labor is a signal for them to retrain and respecialize.
Prioritization and Counseling for Social Dysfunction.	in addition to that, power, respect and a fame of sorts are my priorities too.	if you are well known and wealthy, it comes with a host of other problems.
Controversy over the use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	you are not black and do not share that common history of experiences, using the word is attempting to say that you  understand  that common experience when you ca not.
Police control and traffic safety.	if you put a police control outside a club to stop every car, you are checking everyone equally.	does extracting money in this way benefit the public ? going to a club should not justify an infringement of your rights.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	any ethical theory, if of any use, should be made about the real world.
The role of sociopaths in society and leadership.	in order to minimize people is personal moral codes getting in the way of a powerful, efficient society, sociopaths and other people with little to no morals should be encourages to attain positions of power.	a sociopath does not run a nation in a vacuum.
Dieting and Exercise vs. Regulating Caloric Intake	i do not care about being right i care about losing weight, and i never wanna do yoga again !	those exercise programs help you burn additional calories with the activity alone, and they also help burn calories  in the future  by increasing muscle mass.
Definition of terrorism.	but as the years go by the word is being more and more loosely defined.	like what do you have to do exactly to be labeled as one ? do you need to blow up buildings, kill innocent people, think a certain way, and be apart of a radical or religious group ? well, yeah, you need to target non strategic targets in a way to incite mayhem and fear to accomplish a political goal.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	you need a warrant or probable cause before conducting a search.
Speed running and the importance of bosses.	the idea of speed running is about being able to beat the game the fastest and bosses are an important part of the game.	the skill to do things pixel perfect.
Combining parenting with charity work.	i am making the assumption that instead of child bearing the would be parent involves him or herself in some sort of meaningful charity work .	you are also assuming that most people will do charity work if they do not have kids.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	i know about my partners vulnerabilities and she knows about mine.
Acceptance of Previously Criticized Groups	there are a lot of movements for accepting previously criticized groups such as fat acceptance, nerd acceptance, .  you get the idea.	acceptance movements ! did acceptance movements hurt these groups ?.
Comparison of superhero film franchises.	hero is fine, shit happens to hero, hero saves day, the end.	when i go to see a captain america film, i am going to see how an person who truly believes in antiquated ideals of heroism, honor, and good deal with the modern day issues of gray and gray morality, espionage, and not knowing who to trust.
Energy production and storage.	we need to continue our work on energy storage, production, and delivery first.	you are thinking only in terms of environmental harm in which case, sure  if  electricity were  coal powered it would pretty much be a wash.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	i believe that expensive engagement rings and elaborate wedding ceremonies are a waste of money and only serve to make women feel spoiled and/or special.	alternatively, will you get the same joy out of watching a concert or sports game on tv as you do being at the concert/sports game ? or they want to have fun and celebrate one of the biggest steps in their lives.
Individual rights and social contract theory.	since these rights were given to people by god, people can not take these rights away.	it seems to me that one must take either of the following positions;   rights are granted from an external authority: god given, or  natural  rights.
Sex education in schools.	the point of class is to teach how to avoid getting knocked up, avoid stds and learn what happens during puberty.	we should teach what is the most common.
Racism and Cultural Appropriation.	c more and more people are acting blacker.	i guess that is partially why black people use the word often but are still offended when white people use it.
Reasons for having children.	why add to the rapid deterioration of our environment by bringing another human being into existence ?	we are in danger of economic collapse if we do not have a certain population growth.
The value of a high school diploma.	my view is that the purpose of a diploma is to prove you are able to function in a civilized society.	are they  really  denied opportunities because they have not proven themselves ? or are they denied opportunities because they  have  proven that they  ca not  function properly ? what if a high school diploma does not represent anything other than  you have done the minimum of what society expects of someone with your capabilities, in the time that was so designated  ? that would explain why the  y/o junior does not find having no degree to be a problem when they try to find a job.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	a crater is in it is place.
Israel's stance on one vs. two state solution.	until israel endorses either a one state solution, or a two state solution, the israel government is, at best, disingenuous.	an occasional  war.
Modern art and its connection to meaning.	same is true with a lot of modern art.	you are missing a lot of what art is.
Debate on whether inmates should receive free liver transplants.	however i see no reason for an inmate, most of which are former drug and alcohol abusers to perhaps receive a new liver, free of charge.	it is not death via deliberately withheld medical treatment.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	school is not about penalizing those who do not do their homework.
The ethics of suicide and society's role in prevention.	my view is that suicide is your last right which cannot be taken away without complete captivity and dehumanizing restraints.	that is a wholly separate issue from suicidal ideation born of depression/circumstance and should be treated as such.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	it increases the number of seeders/snatchers/leechers on the pp site.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	police are  meticulously  trained to avoid civilian casualties, and in a lot of cases, they will refrain from firing even if they think they can hit the guy, if there are civilians behind him.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	however, times change.
Advantages of not having children and family business.	not having child is objectively a great decision, economically, time wise, etc.	some people would have nothing fulfilling to do if not care for their child stay at home parent.
Religion and its Impact on Progress and Values.	all over the world, religion is being used as an excuse to carry out evil acts.	charity, compassion, meekness, forgiveness are heavily taught.
Alcohol and its potential consequences.	and the potential consequences of blacking out sound terrifying.	i drink more than anyone i know at the moment, and never have blacked out.
Debate on the Purpose of Organic Farming.	organic farming is supposed to be about creating an alternative to the unsustainable industrial agricultural system.	as the article points out, continuous corn is a great place for the corn rootworm to develop resistance at an accelerated rate through normal evolutionary processes.
Criticism of environmental hypocrisy regarding private jet usage.	there is no hypocrisy, because no one is advocating the ban of private jets.	dicaprio is in a position of some influence.
The social effects of identifying as a gamer.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	i realize that i may not be able to easily connect with these people socially because we do not share a common interest, but even in watching the interaction of those who i know to play video games on a daily basis with others there is noticeable discomfort when they speak with people they do not know.
Risks of saving nude photos on phone.	i do not see any sort of reward for saving nude photos on your phone.	you took a risk and got screwed.
Balancing punishment for consensual adult actions.	rather than attempting to punish an adult for something that was done consensually.	minors lack the legal capacity for consent.
Religion in Politics and State Institutions.	religion in politics is, in many cases, harmful and oppressive, such as banning gay marriage or banning abortion, using religion as a justification.	clearly, these things send the wrong message about who is religious belief  really  matters.
The Purpose and Design of Tests.	i think the purpose of a test is to approximate your ability to understand the material that test is over.	however, you could simply give a separate evaluation of these factors instead rolling them all in to one.
Misalignment of School and Financial Years with Calendar Years.	school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years.	they did not need to change the fundamental way everybody had gotten used to reckoning the passage of time, though, in order to achieve this end.
Beauty standards and body image.	is real beauty not being thin, even though you may happen to have a high metabolism or eat healthy foods ?	and you keep mixing up the word thin for  healthy, active, and strong.
Debate on accuracy of slavery laws in the Bible.	however you take the argument, there is no proof either way who added the slavery bits into mosaic law.	are the events described in the bible where these laws are transcribed inaccurate in your view ? if so, how do we know the words of jesus are accurate here ? why do you ignore the fact that scribes  write things down  ? hypothetically, if moses was really acting as a scribe for a god, that god could ask him what he wrote, yes ? what would moses say ? maybe something like,  i wrote what you told me to write.
Importance of lectures and exams in academic performance.	the recommended textbook should only used as a study aid, not as a replacement for lectures.	they eventually have a better comprehension of the material and cheating is also lower in the class.
Gender equality and violence.	when the person happens to be a man, he  apparently deserves to be beaten . but if the person is a woman  no one should lay a hand on her  ?	op is argument can be interpreted as this: if we accept gender equality, then if if it is socially acceptable for women to hit men, it should also be socially acceptable for men to hit women.
Professional jurors and their qualifications.	people who have a degree in law, or pass some sort of intelligence related test can enter in as applicants for professional jurors.	we are not starting with some blank slate where people have equal access to opportunity, including educational ones not just law degrees, but even your elementary school experience that would likely influence aptitude on an intelligence test.
Challenges of being a feminist ally.	if i identify as a feminist ally and mainstream feminism decides to go off the deep end, my ally status nevertheless shackles me to a movement over which i have no influence.	that is pretty useful, no ? i suppose if you tattoo the words  feminist ally  across your face, you might be stuck, but otherwise it is fairly easy to distance yourself should you find you no longer agree with a group is position.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	this is already over the carrying capacity of the planet.
"Technology's Impact on Job Availability"	the more technology we create the less we are going to need people to do certain jobs.	certain jobs but the same technology also created labor demand elsewhere.
Online dating and shopping similarities.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	i wish it were like that but unfortunately i ca not click  purchase  when i spot a hot lady.
Challenges with Arab Muslim perceptions of Westerners.	i understand that not all arabic muslims want my head on a platter, but enough do to constantly have struggles over there.	bahrain: a british protectorate till  egypt: british until , suez crisis invasion from israel, britain, and france in  iran: briefly russian occupied in , partly british occupied from wwi , allied invasion of iran in , us overthrow of mohammad mosaddegh in  iraq: british until , british invasion of iraq in , us invasion of iraq in  lebanon: french until  palestine: this one is.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	let me take this point by point.
Debate on Sizeism and Weight Judgement.	i think sizeism should not be a thing.	go to the gym.
Reactions to feeling betrayed and violated.	he said he felt betrayed, violated, slutty.	you should not try to grade his feelings regarding the events, as nothing productive will come out of this.
Stress of falling behind in school or work.	if you miss a few days, you end up fighting an uphill battle which makes all of your work worse as you try to both catch up on missed assignments and keep up with incoming ones.	you are expected to learn the material yourself if you are gone.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	education and healthcare require effort and resources from other people.
Travel options and costs for coastal cities in Alaska.	most large cities are on the coast and you are able to travel anywhere.	if i want to go hiking/camping in the mountains or visit family in the midwest, then a cruise would be completely useless to me.
Police brutality and accountability.	almost daily we hear of police shooting and killing unarmed and unthreatening citizens along with animals.	whether you believe that this should be a crime or not is another discussion, but if you are breaking the law it is the job of the police to enforce the law as it is written where you live.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	also, let is just assume for a minute that the thug is  vastly  inaccurate at  yards.
***Employer's view on a certain topic.	i am still confused as to why an employer would care ?	because the money is good, you want to work in a warehouse or a coffee shop all your life go ahead, if you want to do business then do not.
Contradiction in treatment of mutants in Marvel Universe.	at the moment, there is a weird contradiction where mutants are supposed to be  hated and feared  by everyone, but there are tons of other superheroes who seem exactly like mutants spider man, for example who do not ever worry about stuff like that.	frequently in x men comics someone will say  should we get the avengers ?   and either they contact them or otherwise.
Controversy over abortion and fetal viability.	i watched a girl i worked with drink and smoke her way to a miscarriage when she had twins and then have an abortion.	you could not have helped her ? ok, but that also takes away your right to judge her.
Benefits and goals of weightlifting.	i do not see a benefit in being able to lift more weight than my hands will support.	many people would still rather lift free weights to tone their bodies.
Political stance on healthcare and abortion.	republicans would also like to take away the ability to have safe, clean abortions from my friends who are ciswomen.	conservatives wish to restrict my fellow americans  ability to access healthcare.
Batman's Mass Assault on Bane and the Consequences	in dkr batman organizes a mass assault on bane, knowing the police are using guns, and bane is troops are using guns, which leads to a lot of deaths.	that is just the same as batman pulling the trigger on a gun and saying  i am not killing you, the bullet is.
Discussing interpretations in literature and its relevance to education.	i get that for many people, discussing interpretations is a way of enhancing their reading experience, but what does that have to do with my education ?	ever watch a movie with a friend and talk about what you both thought of it ? were either of you explicitly wrong ? why am i being forced to dig through that ? what do they want to teach me ? tolerance to other opinions ? yes, in a way.
The value of a high school diploma.	my view is that the purpose of a diploma is to prove you are able to function in a civilized society.	it also would explain why society largely treats people with a ged different from people with hs diplomas, despite them being legally equivalent: a ged is almost always held by someone who, for whatever reason, could not meet expectations in expected time frame.
Echo chambers and belief in rumors on boards.	on boards you will find echo chambers where people are more prone to believe rumors than proof.	reddit used to have these boards until the mods removed them.
***Possible topic: Possible changes to overtime rules in sports.	how about removing players from each side as more and more overtime is played or allow more substitutes during ot ?	allowing more subs is currently being considered by fifa in the one period of extra time but personally im against this because i feel that faguige should be a deciding factor.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	i still ended up pregnant, and i had an abortion.
Comparison between laptop and tablet.	using a laptop is just a less ergonomic experience.	now, admittedly, i am not the average usage case of students with technology, but when it comes to students in my major, my usage of technology is more common.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	if the oil runs out, we will have nothing no feasible backup source of energy, nothing to build today is miracle materials like plastics and composites with.
White Privilege and Racism	statements like  white people ca not experience racism  are obviously bunk; tell that to the polish guy who got glassed and facially disfigured by a drunk woman in my town on the basis of his identity.	i do not know about you, but up here in canada, polish people are not singled out for being polish.
Challenges faced by third party candidates in elections.	as every vote for a third party makes the party the voter dislikes the most more likely to win due to the spoiler effect.	furthermore, voting reform would require changing the constitution in most states, which really makes it difficult to accomplish.
Discussing interpretations in literature and its relevance to education.	i get that for many people, discussing interpretations is a way of enhancing their reading experience, but what does that have to do with my education ?	also, many people take great enjoyment of out textual analysis.
Sexual promiscuity and its association with love.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	queer people just hopped on the digitalized bandwagon and left the money out of it for the most part, paid for escort services do exist even for them.
Societal expectations and objectification of women's bodies.	on a certain level, is not everyone selling their body ?	you are correct they do not get paid.
The value of atheism.	so what is the point of arguing and reading all these books about atheism ?	there is equal solid, empirical proof none for both sides: is there a god or is not there ? at that point, you then are making a different value judgment.
Islamophobia and Racism Debate.	however, sociologists consider islamophobia to be a type of racism, despite islam not being a race.	culture, religion, language and ethnicity also play a role, so you  could  call islamic groups a race.
The impact of tax reduction on wealthy voters.	any attempt for the wealthy to reduce their taxes will result in destroying their own voting power.	the  contributions  of super wealthy business leaders are actually a sum of the contributions of the workers below them.
Cultural exports and perspectives on culture.	the  cultural export  of australia is tiny when compared to that of, say, france, which has had thousands of years of art, poetry, and science.	indigenous culture has existed millennia before european arrival: see arts URL music URL and spiritual beliefs URL just because this does not fit a  european  view, does not mean it holds any less merit.
Criticism of Feminist Naming Conventions	i am all for that, but as feminists, why choose a name that now singles out women ?	if you have figured out what women want your view needs to be shared and not changed.
Benefits of colonization.	of course, i am speaking of only the good things about colonization.	and since we have no idea how the colonized nations would have done if left alone, we really ca not say if imperialism resulted in a better outcome.
The limitations of ethical consumerism in addressing climate change.	whether or not florida is sunk by rising sea levels is not a triviality that should be left to making sure you buy the right soy sauce.	if you want environmentally friendly productions, if you want people to be paid fairly, then you need to purchase products from companies that do just that.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	i believe that expensive engagement rings and elaborate wedding ceremonies are a waste of money and only serve to make women feel spoiled and/or special.	furthermore, if the participants see the event as very important and do not see it as a waste of money, how can you decide that it is a waste of money  to them  ? being truly in love has nothing to do with wanting a big wedding or not.
Income inequality.	why should i care if someone else is making more money than i am ?	because they are making so much money that it starts to come at your expense.
Racism and Slavery in America.	you are still called by your slave masters  names.	this is america and you have that right.
Weddings and gender roles.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	does giving a stuffed animal to a sick person at a hospital serve no purpose ? does giving someone a holiday card serve no purpose ? just because the purpose is based on emotions and feelings, does not make it unimportant.
Legalization of Racism and its Impact on Free Market	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	and plenty of businesses that advertise and celebrate various forms of tolerance, including being against racism, are rewarded by the market for it.
Theological beliefs regarding the nature of man and God.	but what changes by adding god to the picture ?	it is not sinful because they are not in god is image.
The impact of tax reduction on wealthy voters.	any attempt for the wealthy to reduce their taxes will result in destroying their own voting power.	our voting system is one of  delegation.
Impact of Hydro Power Plant Outage on People.	when a hydro electric power plant goes out, people lose power for a while.	so during proper operation, a hydro dam will permanently destroy a biosphere large than the one harmed in case of a nuclear meltdown.
Starting something based on calendar system vs. seasons.	there is no rhyme or reason to wait until the arbitrary beginning of a calendar system to start something.	all this has happened before, and all of it will happen again.
Monogamy and ethical considerations in relationships.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	why is that hard to understand ? generally people do not communicate the grounds for cheating because even the thought of it means cheating to some people, as if you are trying to convince them to let them have sex with someone else just because you talk about it.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	i believe that expensive engagement rings and elaborate wedding ceremonies are a waste of money and only serve to make women feel spoiled and/or special.	also, what is wrong with feeling spoiled or special ? we are all humans and we have feelings.
Escalator etiquette and passing direction.	i said the  passing side of the escalator  because i suppose in some countries people may pass on the right.	they are impolite and rude only with your idea of escalator lanes.
Unkindness and Insulting Behavior	similarly, if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	for example if someone called me  hispanic  when i was out and another person gave them a  minute lecture about why they should call me  latino  instead i would kindly ask that person to stop being so pc and that i am fine with either term.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	many people seem to develop a certain disdain for their peers and, in my opinion, would benefit greatly from team activity.
Making informed decisions versus immediate decisions.	others have the incentive of going with immediate decisions without making an informed choice, which i would reason, ends up in regret.	many decisions routinely require action immediately, or sooner than possible to collect all relevant information.
Sexual orientation and dating preferences.	if you happen to go more for women than men, that would still render you bi.	i, personally, have a binary gender identity: i do want to be seen as a woman like any other.
Protection from discrimination and individual responsibility.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	people in protected classes are  still  hassled and persecuted privately.
Challenges of true democracy in modern society.	true democracy has not been around since athens the last time all the people in a society was feasibly able to get together in a forum to vote.	participation in athenian democracy was limited to male citizens who had completed military service.
Debate on whether inmates should receive free liver transplants.	however i see no reason for an inmate, most of which are former drug and alcohol abusers to perhaps receive a new liver, free of charge.	unless you are for tribunals that evaluate a persons life prior to receiving an organ this view seems hypocritical.
Controversial stance on birth control and reproduction.	therefore i would like to see methods of preventing birth like birth control and abortion illegalized, along with a legal requirement to reproduce.	since i do not want to break the second commenting rule, all i will say is that yes, your stance is very bizarre, and i think that it should be changed.
Body positivity and self-improvement for women.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	do you honestly feel like thin, fit women are not praised and promoted ? because from where i stand, there is pretty much one body type dominating all of american media, and it is not even on the far end of  normal.
The negative effects of video games on social life.	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	many people seem to develop a certain disdain for their peers and, in my opinion, would benefit greatly from team activity.
Individual responsibility in society.	however, society/life does nothing for x individual unless x does something first.	it is then only fair that every member of society works in order to sustain this pool.
Gun violence and its impact on society.	not to mention the amount of people who die each year due to violence with the use of guns and firearms such as mass killings of innocent lives.	the problem with such a blanket view is that it does not take into account many factors socioeconomic, geographical, etc.
Racism and Reclaiming the Word "Nigger"	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	a black person saying the word nigga is not them  teaching  you that word and neither does that mean you can now use that word.
Opinions on Porsche cars.	a porsche is also a lot more fun to drive.	you and i have very different perceptions on what a clown car looks like.
Grandfather Paradoxes and Time Travel.	logical grandfather paradoxes were made up for drama and to relate people to the story.	the combo did not work ? go back and tell yourself to try.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	it might change how we look at and understand things, but not who we are as people.
Equality and Fair Treatment of Marginalized Groups.	criticize the action rather than the person.	they just did not have enough empathy with the people they saw as different.
Capitalism and its benefits.	i also see capitalism as an efficient machine that has helped increase standards of livings, brought new technologies, etc.	a capitalist, on the other hand, provides capital to workers in exchange for ownership of what they produce.
Quality of displayed food.	the food shown, looks to be healthy but of incredibly low quality.	i see lots of cheap processed food which usually tends to gave additives, preservatives, colorings, and flavorings not healthy.
Societal expectations and objectification of women's bodies.	on a certain level, is not everyone selling their body ?	i imagine a lot of folks will not want to get into a debate on that deep of a subjective topic though, so i will just stick to comparing it to college football.
White Privilege and Racism	statements like  white people ca not experience racism  are obviously bunk; tell that to the polish guy who got glassed and facially disfigured by a drunk woman in my town on the basis of his identity.	if you are a minority, the racism is universal and constant.
Feminism and Public Opinion.	these connotations seem to turn public opinion away from the feminist movement.	if you have figured out what women want your view needs to be shared and not changed.
Body image and beauty standards.	what i do not support is companies saying that real beauty is being round and curvy when in actuality, that may not be very healthy and should not be settled for.	women of any size can be active and can eat healthy food.
Capital punishment and morality.	murder and inequality are naturally occurring phenomenons.	and let is forget about petty homicides; let is talk about war murder in the toll of millions.
Causes of crime in society.	i would claim that all crime stems from societal, cultural or personal problems.	i think that this applies to the most brutal criminals in history, too, most of them falling under the  personal  label.
Ray Rice's suspension from the NFL.	so i heard an interesting opinion about the ray rice situation, so he assaulted his fiance, and when the video of that got leaked, public outrage caused him to be suspended from the nfl permanently.	nbsp;  for those who do not know, ray rice is fiance forgave him and they are getting married.
Polygamy and Women's Rights in Past Societies	the end result as with most polygamous societies in the past is a small number of elite men hoarding all the women.	secondly, there is not a real warrant to these harems being  man x a huge number of females.
Comparison between vans and pickup trucks for moving.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	your stuff does not get rained on or blown away and you can stock things vertically.
Extended deadline and luck.	why am i lucky that a deadline was extended because of a situation out of my control ?	it was from things that are out of my control and possibly in the hands of someone else although i have no idea what he is getting at with this statement.
Environmental impact of personal lifestyle choices.	or explain to me how replacing my light bulbs impacts oil subsidies or going vegetarian changes industrial farming practices.	and if, incidentally, half of the people would stop eating meat, that is half of the meat industry that is  gone.
Organ donation and religious beliefs.	i am only aware of one reason that would prevent some one from being an organ donor, and that is religious.	many people in this world live a life of self protection because they do not expect anyone else to really care about them.
Eliminating political parties	ca not we eliminate the parties and each candidate stands by his own beliefs, not the party is , and then we can elect someone the majority agrees with ?	of course it would also be relatively easy to create a new party in such systems, so it would not really matter.
Compensation for police officers.	due to their scarcity, cops will eventually lead to higher compensations to incentivize the fields.	an experiment showed the effects of incentives.
Pronunciation and Nationalism.	i am aware i am in a particular country that speaks english a certain way, but to completely discount alternate and, in many cases, the original pronunciation as  wrong  seems nationalistic at best and conceited at worst.	just to set you on the right path, you are wrong to say  original.
Maturity on Reddit and Mental Health Support.	reddit often is not mature enough to deal with those kinds of posts.	what benefit do you see in banning suicide content ?.
Abstraction in Communication	any form of communication with at least one layer of abstraction.	knee jerk wiseass response: i am a computer programmer.
Vegetarianism and sexual orientation as innate characteristics.	i am a sort of buddhist who believes unless you are stuck in the jungle in a survival of the fittest situation, you have no moral justification to eat meat, cmv.	the fact that humans have turned the farming and slaughtering of animals for consumption into a global industry is evidence of the fact that humans have effectively  won  the survival of the fittest in many parts of the world, and are exercising the victory through the taming, breeding, and eating of animals.
Defining American White Culture and Stereotypical Black Culture.	i would define american white culture as separate from  black  culture as the stereotypical black  thug life  culture.	no shared experiences of being white.
The ethics of selling art for advertisements.	letting a company use your art for advertisements is as close to selling your soul as you can get.	you are putting artists on a pedestal where aside from the few greats they really should not be.
The Ethics of Military Combat.	another reason is when on the field, you are killing people who are on the other side of the fight than you, but these people are compete strangers.	but they are generally going to be hostile towards you.
The ethics of a sociopath in politics.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	to combat these natural prejudices we need empathy and moral thinking, to help us value the needs of all citizens equally.
Criticism of computer-edited music genres.	also, the computer fixed vocals and edited instruments just does not make these people any more like able.	it is just not true and is a stereotype.
Non-binary gender identity and terminology preferences.	who do not perfectly fit into little stereotype gender roles.	gender  role  is a social construct.
Patents and Copyright as Property.	however, patents and copyright are not  property  in the sense that cars are.	that does not mean the purchasing party is the  creator  it means that they have the  rights  of the creator.
Controversial views on treatment of mentally ill individuals.	i am leaving out those with mental illnesses for the sake of my ignorant argument.	if we could reliably asses this, then your plan would at least be possible.
Libertarian stance on discrimination in laws and justice.	where discrimination for the sole reason of sex/race/etc is completely ok.	please do not bring those up, i find them completely unconvincing.
Unpleasant tasks in nursing.	someone who is willing to shave your butthole is someone you can depend on for anything.	secondly, this does not account for people with phobias.
Religion's role in governing and the "dark ages".	therefore, the muslim world will never see the abandonment of religion in everyday governing life as a useful long term solution.	turkey is a counterexample of this.
Misuse of the term "terrorist" and its consequences.	terrorist implies a simple good vs evil narrative which never applies in the real world.	it is better to analyze the word in context to make a determination about the qualifications of a source.
Benefits of marriage.	aside from financial benefits, i fail to see how marriage really helps a relationship.	do you really not see how a household with more money could be more beneficial to families with children ? there is also hospital visitation, a much easier time managing property and shared finances.
Overpopulation and Climate Change.	every new person contributes to anthropogenic climate change.	plus, the average new person has unquestionably had a net positive effect for hundreds of years now.
The purpose and value of a diploma.	the purpose of a diploma is to prove you are able to function in a civilized society.	this would mean that anyone without a diploma would essentially be exiled.
Authenticity of songs used for product advertisement.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	the significance of the personal expression put into a song, and its proper use maybe the commercial is for something you support , is best judged by the artist who created the song.
Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	it is a work in progress, but there are scientific explanations for why homosexuality exists: URL   it is impossible for gay people to reproduce.
The nature of amoral behavior and social contracts.	and what we think is  amoral  is actually just a social contract.	just because they are changing as society evolves does not mean they do not exist.
Religion and its impact on society.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	so what is the point of arguing and reading all these books about atheism ? while there is no way to disprove  every  possible god, you can certainly disprove  specific  incarnations of a god.
Police brutality and technology's impact on awareness.	almost daily we hear of police shooting and killing unarmed and unthreatening citizens along with animals.	again is this fact or opinion ? it is going to be hard to change your view if everything is based on opinion then fact.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	maybe if you live in certain major cities you have more than  or  companies to deal with.
Features and amenities on a cruise ship.	room service, room cleaned twice daily, amazing food all you can eat , daily entertainment, and ways to relax.	or the entertainment and other ways to relax available on cruise ships compared to what is available at a destination.
The Global Financial Crisis and Its Effects on Europe.	but the recession was, which most people ignore, global, and europe was hit the hardest.	 monetarily sovereign governments such as the us federal government are not dependent on those decisions even though it may look like it on the surface, because investors simply have no other choice where they could ultimately put their money: in the eurozone, you have a choice between greek and german bonds.
Idealizing people and breaking down stereotypes.	back then i believed there was a distinction between party rats and nice girls, and she seemed to embody essentially everything about the  nice girl .	stop idealizing, she is every bit as pervy and horny as you are.
Advocating for higher speed limits on roads.	the roads can be safely navigated at higher speeds.	plenty of people speed, and plenty of people get into accidents because of speeding, and yet everyone thinks that they are immune to it for some reason or another.
Criticism of feminism's impact on women's wellbeing.	the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	the second though i have good reason to question.
Regretting tattoos obtained at a retreat.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	i know many people who went on a  life changing  retreat who got tattoos of the symbol that is generally used on the retreat, but most of those people severely regretted their decision a few years later.
Grindr hookup culture.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	i think this is a case of correlation not being causation.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	they both want to kill their opponents, but have no desire to mass murder all the weaker wizards who are not really a big issue.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	where will people live ? human population is growing exponentially and we are currently at  billion people.
Legalization of Racism and its Impact on Free Market	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	true change is not change in action; it is change in thought.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	here you get  days to make up for each day you missed.
The importance of prioritizing birth control in personal budgeting.	if you ca not make birth control a priority for your own personal budget, then why should you expect your health care to.	my health insurance helps pay for my prescriptions because i ca not afford them on my own.
Feminist group's name choice.	i am all for that, but as feminists, why choose a name that now singles out women ?	that is not to say that men do not have plenty of their own, but the balance is not even close.
Logic vs. Science in Understanding Human Behavior.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	also science still has numerous inconsistencies and plenty of hand waving itself.
Evolution of moral behavior in human civilization.	there is no worry of not meeting a cosmic standard; the standards are within yourself.	the standards gradually evolve in fits and starts along with the continuing innovations of civilized life.
Improving Public Education through Teacher Wages	some people are skeptical that increasing funding for our public education systems will change the results, but i think that simply increasing the wage of teachers could significantly increase the quality of teachers.	we spend more per student than most countries, yet lag behind in results.
Achievement and Taking Action	what would  wouldoing my best  achieve that i do not already have ?	i half assed a lot of stuff i did, and if i had done my best i honestly believe i could be going to an ivy league.
Subjectivity in Art and Music Valuation	in the marketplace, art is value tends not to be based on the amount of time taken to create it.	lots of objectivity.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	we are, if not literally, extremely figuratively, the leaders of the world.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	when you make purchases using a credit card they should only be sent to verified addresses.
Homosexuality as a choice and "gay for pay" pornography.	i think that participating in homosexual acts is definitely a choice.	i do not choose to find a pretty girl sexually attractive.
Complexity of the American Legal System	i am not a fan of extreme simplification, but i think the american legal system has gotten out of hand in complexity.	do you have any evidence for this ? the law is complex in order to reduce ambiguity.
Limitations of labeling oneself as a "good person"	why not just call yourself a  good person ?	that is pretty useful, no ? i suppose if you tattoo the words  feminist ally  across your face, you might be stuck, but otherwise it is fairly easy to distance yourself should you find you no longer agree with a group is position.
Pregnancy as a Non-Disease in Healthcare	pregnancy is not a disease that needs to be cured.	this is a pretty narrow definition of healthcare.
Consequences of universal maxims.	by considering whether something ought to be a universal maxim, we are already considering the consequences of that thing being a universal law.	consequentialism,  qua  moral compass, judges the praise or blameworthyness of an action based solely on the net positive or negative impacts it has would have, would be reasonably expected to have, would generally have and so on on other moral agents, in the future.
Economy and ongoing wars.	the economy has rebounded from a catastrophic recession with the djia and nasdaq reaching all time highs.	or at least a half measure.
Evolutionary Psychology of Physical Attraction.	beauty signals health, fertility, good genes, intellect, good decision making, and the subjective part of looks probably has something to do with traits that blend well with my own genes.	if your primary goal is to have as many healthy offpring as possible, then physical health is the best quick and dirty tool you can use.
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	consenting to whom ? the fetus that does not exist yet and may never exist.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	higher level of consciousness ? it is logically impossible for such a state to exist, and i can prove it.
Importance of friendship in romantic relationships.	i also believe couples should also be friends.	maybe your other laughs in a really cute way to jokes that you hate.
Racism and Society's Segregation.	tell me why the society that condones racism is  better , especially for minorities.	because the majority race has the most economic power, these trade sanctions will one sided and thus be most damaging to minorities.
Financial Responsibility and Choice of Spending.	i am forced to pay at least partially for all of these things and offered no way to choose where my money goes.	you can choose where the money goes by choosing what laws to vote for, what representatives to vote for, what policies to support and which to decry.
The ethics of financial control in abusive relationships.	as long as an allowance, or a budgeted income, or financial control is not a tool being used to facilitate physical, emotional, or sexual abuse, then i do not believe those behaviors in and of themselves constitute abuse.	i can see it mostly being a major warning sign/red flag that something bad is going on here.
Dealing with a friend's personal problems.	i think her problems are due to her own issues, and its unreasonable for her to drag me into her own problems.	is your sister justified in expressing her disapproval of your friend ? regarding , i would not defend her bullying you for being friends with your cousin, because that is your personal choice and you can do what you want.
Dealing with a friend's personal problems.	i think her problems are due to her own issues, and its unreasonable for her to drag me into her own problems.	however, it is morally sketchy to be offended by accusations of racism and homophobia, yet continue to maintain friendships with racists and homophobes.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	god by being supernatural, ca not be pidgeonholed into a repeatable experiment.
Accusations of Racism and Failure to Accept Self-Identity	i am accused of just being secretly racist, which i do not know how to disprove.	the issue is that you are failing to accept others  self identity.
Protection against discrimination and constitutional rights.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	it is not constitutional, which makes it illegal, though i know you use emotion over logic, so this debate is really just a charade.
Benefits of Taking a Cruise	cruises are also full of activities to keep yourself and your kids occupied during the trip.	most of the things that i do for fun are best when they are not organised in a large group but rather something i do by myself or in a small group.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	it is not a great thing, it is an average thing, unless you are doing something revolutionary.
Distrust in politicians and the desire for honesty in voting.	i only want to vote for someone who i could reasonably expect to be honest and trustworthy.	these measures/propositions can determine your tax liabilities, school funding, farm subsidies, marijuana legalization, marriage equality for gays, etc.
Opposition to needless abortions and consequences for lack of responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	that is what i mean by needless abortions.
Controversy over medical care choices.	some people do not get vaccinated and live long healthy lives and some people do and the same thing happens.	people who get vaccinated will absolutely get sick less often.
Argument against reincarnation.	in broad terms, what is the most logical argument against the idea of reincarnation that you have heard or can come up with yourself ?	the human brain has the power to find patterns of similarity, and thus connections and thus meaning between  any two things.
Criticism of human nature and selfishness.	i would never sacrifice the person i cared most about to help such a selfish, deliberately ignorant, and self centered species.	bad people  are by and large just a reflection of their particular social circumstances.
Mandatory helmet use for cyclists.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	again, a cyclist ca not cause the same amount of damage that an automobile can.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	the wealthy profit much more from exploiting and ignoring the interests of people outside this country, people in this country need to be able to buy shit to make the rich richer.
Religion's dual nature as conservative and revolutionary.	religion, in nature, is conservative and/or reactionary.	jesus was considered a heretic, and many of teachings were explicitly designed to sow civic unrest against their roman oppressors.
Importance of Happiness vs Money	doing what makes you happy is just as important as making money.	the advice you are considering harmful is not that happiness is more important than money, but that you should look for a balance between income and happiness.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	for the most part he internalizes it and he is often prone to bouts of sarcasm as in the  strip, or serious anxiety as the  strip.
Men's redundancy in reproduction.	furthermore, reproductively, almost every man on earth has become redundant.	men and women.
Stress and fear of failure in academics.	the thought of a bad grade on homework which should be helping us learn is just stress that we might fail and be punished for life because of it.	coping with stress should be a valuable learning point in school.
Benefits of being overweight in social interactions.	i have found being overweight allows me to more quickly understand another person i am interacting with.	this is a complete and frankly; dumb rationalization.
The practicality of women wanting men to have cars.	i believe that, for most women, wanting a man to have a car is not a matter of superficiality, but practicality.	nothing wrong or shallow in  wanting  a car, we all want to have one if we do not.
The importance of policy and politics.	neither of these reasons have dick to do with policy.	you should at least put your voice out there, even if it gets lost in the noise.
The futility of prolonging life and immortality.	that is why i say that trying to prolong life is absolutely useless.	this includes tries to reanimate dying people, trying to find a special formula for immortality, and similar medical/engineering advances.
The value of art in society.	agriculture, technology, and medicine rely on scientist, what has music contributed ?	do you think that is not a good reason to value something ? what would be a good reason, in your view ? are you telling me you would not mind living in a world without music ?.
Window seat etiquette on airplanes.	but when i fly, i pay for a window seat, yet i am still expected to close the window for most of the time.	just like having an aisle seat does not give you any power over the aisle.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	honestly, if you are not willing to share your basic assets, something is wrong from the start.
Relationship between personal finance and market trends.	economics what you do with your money affects the markets.	buying quinoa affects the ability of indigenous peoples to afford it.
Inclusion of same-sex marriage and challenges of polygamy.	on what principle would we act to include same sex marriage that would not be unfair towards other types of relationships like same sex throuples or polygamists, etc ?	how exactly does allowing more gender combinations weaken marriage ? kindly point us towards those studies, as they are in direct contradiction to recent studies that show that children growing up in same sex families are just as well adjusted as straight families.
Individual rights and ownership.	property is a right because we own our selves and consequently our mind and labor.	where do these rights come from ? a different way to look at this would be the fact that the idea of property is dependent upon others recognizing that it exists.
Police shooting of Michael Brown.	michael brown was selected at random by the officer.	there is absolutely zero evidence that this is what happened.
Tattoos and Employment.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	but most people with visible tattoo is as you said, are in the arts profession or something where they do not need to look  professional.
Human evolution and animal equality.	i believe that we humans are not more evolved than any other animal, we just evolved differently but together with other animals.	this is why it does not make much sense to apply morality to the actions of other animals.
Criticism of religion's role in causing problems in the world.	when i say that religion in general and islamic in specific causes a lot of problems in today is world, i am seen as a bigot and an islamophobe.	people kill because they are crazy, not because of islam.
Crime and Economic Collapse in Detroit.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	how come we just keep blaming whites for everything ? this does not seem to have anything to do with your point.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	yes, eventually the dna you pass to your descendents will be so diluted it will be unrecognizable.
Atheism and Narrow-Mindedness.	i think that pushing your atheist beliefs is just as narrow minded as any religious belief.	how do we know that beyond what we know, there is not a creator ? atheism does not posit that there is absolutely no chance for a creator.
Gun control and banning specific firearms.	i am pointing out that there are specific firearms that have no impact on violence at large, yet are the first ones targeted.	our experience in the uk has been that unlawful use of weapons that are now prohibited which is most firearms, and almost all handguns has declined, as gangsters and other ne er do wells exploit a loophole that allows people to continue to own antique weapons.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	in others it is a small oligopoly of giant companies who can name their terms.
Tattoo display preferences.	and a lot of times, people proudly display their tattoos.	i also am not ashamed of my tattoo is at all.
The value of atheism.	so what is the point of arguing and reading all these books about atheism ?	as far as the debates go, i have stopped trying to prove or disprove god is existence.
Ethics of Personal Lifestyle Choices.	to me you can make your own choices as far as your lifestyle.	we ca not really blame people for such indirect results of otherwise perfectly ethical actions.
The Flaws of Political Parties and Voting.	additionally, i often see that we are left with the choice of  dumb vs dumber  in elections.	voters have shown time and time again that they care more about who a politician has slept with or what a politician said in some out of context statement than they do about what the politician actually stands for or how they think.
Perception of gift value based on giver's income.	many people are wowed by the amounts of zeros present in the gift and forget that proportionately to the giver is income, the gift may have been piddling.	we are, basically, discussing compassion, here, and providing gifts and money is not always the best thing to do.
Comparison of rap lyrics to other genres.	there are plenty of examples given from rappers who are very conscious and clever, but even those hardly ever say anything i feel holds a candle to good lyrics from other genres.	i would say that one has more potential to write high quality lyrics in rap than they do in other singing mediums.
Controversy surrounding Tupac's legacy and rape case.	tupac garners as much respect as he does is symptomatic of massive immaturity in certain parts of the hip hop community.	the legal system is not fair to black people, and this is known throughout the country.
Perception of police by law-abiding citizens.	for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	this works for most people: think of the guys you went to high school with that went on to become cops; who were they ? were they just like you, or were they the guys who always were, or wanted to be, on some kind of a power trip ? in my experience, it was exact guys you would never  want  to give power to, that went on to be cops.
Suppressors and firearm noise reduction.	contrary to what video games tell you, suppressors do not make a firearm completely silent.	it is my understanding that silencers change the lands and grooves of the bullet.
The limitations of identifying as a feminist ally.	if i identify as a feminist ally and mainstream feminism decides to go off the deep end, my ally status nevertheless shackles me to a movement over which i have no influence.	if the movement as a whole ends up going in a direction that i do not support, i will cease supporting it.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	interacting with a business is voluntary, but interacting with the government is mandatory.
The use of spanking as a punishment for children.	spanking is the universal  ultimate punishment  for a child.	so why are you introducing spanking as a  consequence  for their  actions  ? if they do not understand consequences, then they experience someone hitting them for an unknown reason.
American culture and its stereotypes.	we have as much of a culture as any other country, and that is obvious if you travel.	as long as you accept all the negative aspects of stereotypical american culture as aspects of your so called american white culture, sure.
Monitoring and regulating illegal online activity.	no human sees any images or communication that is not illegal except in cases of false positive.	the other thing we have to assume is the hopefully benevolent entities concerned.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	sure, i might not have had to sacrifice my body for an emotional victory, but there were a lot of moments where something epic had been pulled off and we all sat back and had a similar emotional response.
The Ethics of Military Combat.	another reason is when on the field, you are killing people who are on the other side of the fight than you, but these people are compete strangers.	does not matter.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	instead if you give up yours and take his, you are not  creating  a new name.
Dangers of religion and ideology.	religion and ideology can cause normal people to do horrible things.	people kill because they are crazy, not because of islam.
Limitations of Scientific Knowledge.	there is a lot that we know about the world because of science, but we cannot say for sure that we know everything about our own existence.	since there is  absolutely no evidence  for intelligent creation, it can be assumed that there is no creator.
Depression and its impact on others.	how rude for my depression to inconvenience the people around me.	think about yourself and put yourself first.
Limitations of scientific evidence and research studies.	anything not backed by scientific evidence or at least deemed possible or credible is ridiculed.	careful what you sacrifice in the name of growth.
Employer's right to terminate employees for undesirable behavior.	if an employer hires meth head, for instance, and he/she is exhibiting undesirable characteristics tardiness, stealing, etc.	but it should be performance based, and not solely because they consume meth and failed a test.
Experience of reading and editing on a computer.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	overall, there are some functions that a proper laptop provides but a tablet does not, while there is no function that a tablet provides but a laptop does not.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	i also recognize that ethics and personal values are highly subjective.	let me first adress why psychological egoism is wrong: soldiers do not throw themselves on grenades in order to save their companions because they think it feels good, and they certainly do not do it because of social consequences.
Blaming voters for a government's wrong law.	the government passes a law that is clearly  wrong .	and considering that americans keep re electing the same idiots into congress, you have no one to blame but yourselves.
Racism and Slurs.	i am not saying asians have a conscious plan to manufacture new slurs.	it looks like our culture has a sickness.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	in college myself and my two  gamer  roommates, were social and had girlfriends.
Issues Faced by Other Alien Species.	war, more and more dangerous weapons, corporate greed, government corruption, global warming, mass extinction, these are all issues that other alien species would likely encounter.	also, a lot of these do not seem to be really big existential risks.
Racial profiling and discrimination by police.	but if the same policeman finds a black kid with facial tattoos, a thick accent and pants around his knees we see that kid go to jail.	the fact that rich people can get away with more crimes has nothing to do with police discretion.
Marriage and Children's Success: Correlation or Causation?	children do best when their parents are married.	the obvious degenerate case: let is say your parents are abusive towards one another.
Homelessness and American Politics.	just like in the us, warmer places have more homelessness, colder places do not.	also socialism usually takes better care of the homeless.
Leadership and Sociopathy.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	power already attracts them, and they tend to be a wrecking ball of progress.
Snoop Dogg criticizing a young rapper's skills.	now snoop is one of the few active og, why the fuck is he gonna go diss a young rapper ?	if you are an og and you keep it real, then you should call out the bullshit when you see it.
Disabling Ads and Payment Methods.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	you think video ads are fine, but tracking is not.
Government regulation on family size.	i have never understood how the government can justify legislation on how many people you can legally have in your family.	if we have to revisit tax codes and laws to allow for bigamy, then we end up creating something other than marriage.
Role of government in a democracy.	no one should force choices for others.	it is within reason and reflected by reality that new rights may be needed, or that old rights may need to be adjusted some what in order to better serve society and it is citizens.
Dealing with allegations.	denying the allegations puts you in the awkward position of calling someone a liar.	you absolutely should call them liars if you are wrongly accused.
Perception of Reality and Universality of Sweetness	that is to say that nobody is brain is selected for directly perceiving reality.	that is exactly how our brains were selected for perceiving reality ! and   only selected for perceiving elements of reality that relate to survival and promotion of genes  is also true.
Comparison of Iran and Israel's behavior in world affairs.	iran has proven itself to be a pragmatic and rational actor in world affairs.	the npt is an international treaty and is only binding under international law to signatory states.
Basic human needs and Maslow's hierarchy.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	simply because they were not born in a developed country.
Concerns about social division with BYOD in schools.	my biggest concern with byod in schools is increased social division.	poorer students will have to use either less advanced technology or use school owned technology which is likely to be less advanced as well.
The effectiveness of laws and catching perpetrators.	only the most stupid perpetrators will be caught.	so, they should not be caught if they are stupid ? or there should not be laws because most people can get away with the crime ? that does not make sense.
Importance of having trustworthy representatives in government.	the people are the boss who hire the representatives to run their precious country.	do you realize how expensive a recall election is ? also, how much do you consider as a majority ? in my country, only  of eligible voters voted, what makes you think people will come out for a recall ? yes, but reps are meant to represent their whole district, not just  .
Batman's Mass Assault on Bane with Fatal Consequences.	in dkr batman organizes a mass assault on bane, knowing the police are using guns, and bane is troops are using guns, which leads to a lot of deaths.	i will start by saying batman is plan did not necessarily involve ra is al ghul being on the train that is batman did not know ra is would be there.
Criticism of religion's role in causing problems in the world.	when i say that religion in general and islamic in specific causes a lot of problems in today is world, i am seen as a bigot and an islamophobe.	supposedly, islam is peaceful and most muslims are tolerant and liberal and it is just that extremists always do this kind of stuff, regardless of the religion.
Religion and its impact on society.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	if i can raise internal questions for another person, at least they end up with a better understanding of who they are.
Causes of crime in society.	i would claim that all crime stems from societal, cultural or personal problems.	all cause crime to happen.
Feasibility of a classless society and job distribution.	proponents of a classless society: how do you realistically see the society functioning so that the  hard  jobs are not all vacant ?	i  could  make more money, but i choose to do what i love and make less because i am better at what i do now than anything else i could train to do.
Frequency of Moving Heavy Objects.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	i often find myself transporting things that while they are not large, are very disgusting and probably should not be in the cab of a car.
Censorship and Hate Speech.	speech that is hateful, bigoted, and just terrible should be made illegal.	if you hold this belief, you do not belong in any country that has a free speech clause.
Logic vs. Science in Understanding Human Behavior.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	science does not give you any kind of guidance for living a good life.
The value of writing and existence.	my books would most likely just be lost to time and pointlessness, so why even bother ?	that it would be easier to stick to status quo and do something that is safe.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	as there is no evidence for a god, the logical explanation is that it is probably non existent you have heard this before, and i will say it again.
Judging books by their covers.	you can judge a book by its cover.	you have to be observant  and  know a lot of stuff in order to get good readings.
Importance of lectures and exams in academic performance.	the recommended textbook should only used as a study aid, not as a replacement for lectures.	the grades you get from the homework is partly to make sure you understand the material, and if you do not understand they give you a specific spot where you can ask the teacher for help.
Unkindness and Insulting Behavior	similarly, if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	if someone insists on referring to gay people as faggots and then claims you as overly pc when you get offended then yeah they are an asshole.
Minimum wage and its impact on prices.	the problem is, you would still, as tax payers be subsidizing their expenses, but instead in the form of higher prices.	also, most of the cost at a walmart is that of the goods, not the workers.
Eating cats and dogs to fight poverty and hunger.	there is no more health risk from eating a healthy cat/dog than there is from eating any other animal.	there are far more productive ways we can fight poverty and hunger in this country than rounding up strays to feed to the poor.
Comparison between Hamlet and a teenager's Twitter page.	hamlet does not contain  half  the raw angst found on a teenager is twitter page.	here is a comment explaining in detail why that is, this is ironically just a snippet of it:  reddit is algorithm is objectively and hugely biased towards fluff, content easily consumed and speedily voted on.
Opinions on charitable challenges and personal donations.	i feel that these sorts of challenges like ice bucket challenge are the kind of things people would want to do anyway, and raising money is mainly an excuse to do so.	either you can spend weeks of your free time training for a race and then raise a couple of hundred pounds of other people is money, or you could donate a week or two of your wages and probably end up giving more to charity.
Comparison of geometric shapes.	there is no doubt in my mind: the triangle wins.	what shape is your computer display ? what shape is your phone ? how about your books ? what shape are buildings ? parking lots ? computers ? keyboards ? papers ? gaming consoles ? text boxes ? posters ? images ? tables ? tvs ? book shelves ? what kind of world do you live in where everything is a triangle ?.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	they have no way of knowing whether this is some prick that learned everything he knows about guns from thugs in the movies, or if he is a former pistol shooting world champion who is gone off the deep end.
Environmental impact of personal lifestyle choices.	or explain to me how replacing my light bulbs impacts oil subsidies or going vegetarian changes industrial farming practices.	so vegetarianism is very effective.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	the obvious question here is why your husband does not leave his own family name create a new one with you.
Challenges of mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.	why are we trying to push btc mainstream ?	people that believe in the growth of btc are investing because of the potential there and other potential societal benefits too.
Comparing acoustic and electric music.	without vocal effects, bieber has been proven not to be able to reach the same notes as the white stripes have.	bieber on an acoustic guitar, or white on an electric would be then equal.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	if it were to not be greed being sold in the marketplace for profit , it would instead be  charity.
Dangers of religion and ideology.	religion and ideology can cause normal people to do horrible things.	nobody swears there is no god but allah, and summarily picks up a machete and starts lopping off heads.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	my wife is brother has a separate last name from the entire rest of his family his mom included.
Criticism of societal conformity and its consequences.	in real life if you point out that the emperor lacks clothing, the emperor and everyone pretending to see otherwise decide to hate you, yell at you, and may try to kill you.	the only people that would be offended by this were people who believed in the system, and they can easily argue for why this is a weaker argument for how the system works.
LGBT representation in resources for intersex children and parents.	but when we are dealing with young children and their parents, there is a concern that the association with lgbt would drive away parents of intersex children who would otherwise seek out information and resources about intersex conditions.	secondly, there are many intersex individuals who wish they had not been forced into that surgery when they were younger.
Athletic Ability in Summer Olympics	sports in the summer olympics take more athletic ability.	if you want to argue that the summer events have more sports that have been around for thousands of years like track events , you also have to remember that there are a lot of events these days that are relatively new there as well as the winter sports volleyball, rhythmic gymnastics, badminton, etc.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	diagnosing depression is not a diagnosis not a test.
Feminism's Impact on Women's Happiness.	the view i would like to be challenged is this: the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	in other words, all you have got is a hypothesis right now.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	or you are an awful godless person who will go to hell.
Selfishness and societal development.	i do not see any rational reason to put any importance into the development of society or improvement of anyone but your own wellfare, other than for the chemical release that you are rewarded with.	in both scenarios i am only rewarded by a chemical release.
Criticism of Oppression Model in Social Phenomena	the model works okay for explaining a lot of social phenomena, but is inherently simplistic usually requiring an oppressing group and an oppressed group.	yes, there is a notion of privilege and oppression, but you seem to only be grasping the very basic idea behind it, and you are arguing against that.
Success and Effort in YouTube Content Creation.	i truly believe that you need a degree of knowledge, charm, and responsibility to succeed in youtube, and as such requires effort and  talent  to do unlike what many say.	but, it is undeniable that a large portion of youtubers do not put the same amount of effort in their videos than what they are worth.
Student fundraising for charity.	get a job, donate some of the money.	doing something is better than doing nothing.
The meaning of life and enjoying the moment.	enjoying the moment is possible, but does not make life have a point.	you can spend that time whining about how pointless it all is and being depressed, or you can bang hot chicks and drink mt.
The value of writing and existence.	my books would most likely just be lost to time and pointlessness, so why even bother ?	using that logic, you should just kill yourself now.
Homeless man's ability to care for a dog.	today i saw a homeless man with a dog and which lead me to thinking that he should not be allowed to look after the dog if he cannot even look after himself.	you are also assuming that the dog is not a key part of the man looking after himself.
Monogamy and Sexual Desires.	monogamy by definition restricts a person from fulfilling sexual desires outside their relationship.	and even though we know contraception means we wo not raise another one is offspring, we still ca not turn off this emotional reaction.
Challenges of Law Enforcement and Professional Standards.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	if there is a shitty surgeon who is patients are often dying or constantly developing complications, they rarely get to keep their license or keep practicing.
Personal growth and sexual experience.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	i think this is the biggest lie that that community tells.
Issues Faced by Other Alien Species.	war, more and more dangerous weapons, corporate greed, government corruption, global warming, mass extinction, these are all issues that other alien species would likely encounter.	the sort of war that would wipe out humanity is a low probability event from year to year probably   per year and so if we are to imagine many possible forms of alien life, it seems likely at least one wo not be wiped out by war.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	there can be two charities collecting money for the same type of cause but only one has a multi million dollar budget.
Comparison of Iran and Israel's behavior in world affairs.	iran has proven itself to be a pragmatic and rational actor in world affairs.	international law seldom is effective in constraining states  actions.
The War on Christmas and Religious Inclusivity.	the real goal of the  war on christmas  is to claim ownership of the end of the year, and pressure others to only acknowledge the christian holiday and exclude all others.	but if one is  private life  somehow dictates  happy holidays  is offensive then we have the same paradox.
The ethics of piracy and its impact on producers.	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	if that is not complex enough for you then try it on a point by point basis :  it increases the number of seeders/snatchers/leechers on the pp site.
Casualties in the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict.	by simply looking at the numbers of casualties on both sides, the casualties on the side of the palistinians massively outnumber the ones on the isrealian side.	typically  genocide  is used for things like rwanda, where a population was basically wiped out by the other.
Parity in American sports leagues.	true parity, if achieved, would mean that every team is a middle of the pack team.	they were not  mediocre  and it was not a situation where  anybody  could have won.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	that would be like someone telling you his favorite food is chocolate ice cream and you tell him that he is wrong.
The difficulty of impressing audiences in entertainment industry.	we can no longer shock, horrify, scare, or blow the minds off of audiences any more.	we will still be blown away.
Gender pay equality.	i seriously believe that men and women probably make a very similar number; a number so similar that there are no grounds for advocating either gender needs more pay.	you have read a million studies going one way and a million going the other way.
Deportation of illegal parents and its impact on families.	many have had children, and so deporting the illegal parents may break families apart.	if they can do all that, are not they deserving to be an american citizen ? there are, frankly, a large number of native born american citizens who ca not even manage that, and if we are constructing a nation based purely on merit we should deport most of them.
Questioning personal choices and safety.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	can you take measures to reduce the likelihood of being raped ? yes.
Musical Instruments and Techniques	singing is simply a muscular contraction, you train your vocal chords to output a certain pitch and timbre.	anyone can learn to do anything.
Criticism of Obama's handling of racial tensions.	i think people are very quick to judge someone is actions, obama is recent criticisms along with the martin, brown, and garner, as specific intentions of race baiting.	there is more to this than money.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	this does not really benefit the publisher since you now own the copy of the thing they are trying to sell.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	it is super simple.
The Purpose and Design of Tests.	i think the purpose of a test is to approximate your ability to understand the material that test is over.	assignments, homework questions and other bits of internal assessment provide that short term feedback that is so crucial to efficient learning throughout the course.
Dealing with allegations.	denying the allegations puts you in the awkward position of calling someone a liar.	i would relentlessly hunt them down legally speaking of course , drag them to court and keep on re suing them if at all possible for the rest of their lives regardless of if they have paid compensation or spent time in prison thanks to their false accusations.
The concept of being an ally.	in essence, declaring yourself to be an ally outsources your moral reasoning to the group with which you have allied, and i cannot imagine any reason to do that.	i do not know the best way to fix them.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	and you keep mixing up the word thin for  healthy, active, and strong.
Native American history and conquest by Europeans.	conflict was aplenty before the usa was founded, and i do not feel the indians were innocent victims because of this.	if the conquest of the indians was purely military, that would be one thing.
Financial stability and selling out.	when you obviously have enough to be financially stable, everything after that is pure greed and no matter how great your work was in the past, the fact that you have lost your values undermines it.	i do not see how my music becomes less  pure  if nissan later pays me to use that song in a car commercial.
Patrilineal naming tradition and biological relationship.	children that come out of your body are pretty unquestionably your children.	i am not saying i care though do whatever makes sense for you and your family.
Sexual orientation and dating preferences.	if you happen to go more for women than men, that would still render you bi.	not intersex nor anything inbetween.
The importance of informed decision-making and avoiding indecision.	as one can make the most informed decision with all information and research that is available, why be rash.	and the more time you lose, the less opportunity you have.
Marriage and Divorce Statistics	you are not even married yet, and you are already looking forward to the divorce !	this means no matter how much you love and trust your spouse there is a  chance things wo not work out and if you are a man you  will be  f cked.
Gender identity and expression.	see, i have a gay friend who has many  feminine  traits, talks very much like a woman, his mannerisms, his tastes, etc.	the core of your misconception and lack of understanding comes from you thinking that being trans is determined by gender roles that society has set.
Spoilers and disinterest in a TV show.	if you do not care about the show, why get all uppity if you now know the ending ?	people put there own twist on stories, and there are plenty of shows that are completely original.
Controversy over justifying genocide and celebrating Columbus Day.	we are taught in our schools that genocide is justifiable and acceptable if we get something in return or are not disadvantaged by trying to solve for it.	finally you suggest their is no damage in removing columbus day, i find this ironic because much of the damage done to native people was done by preventing the celebration of their cultural traditions.
Ethics in Criminal Justice and Healthcare Professions	an unjust action by a police officer can take years to sort out in court/jail, just as an unethical decision by a nurse can be life threatening.	police ethics are pretty simple, the problem is that criminals even the ones with badges do not care much for the rules.
Addiction and Responsibility.	addiction is a disease and a way to absolve people of responsibility for their actions.	however, if subjected to certain stresses he or she may fall back into depression.
The effectiveness of fire drills.	after all, experience under non life threatening drill situations hardly emulate life or death situations.	further, the whole  meeting outside  thing is important.
Legalization of Racism and Free Market Reaction.	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	the threshold for that is much higher than the  needed to elect politicians who pass laws.
Criticism of polyamorous relationships.	polyamory just seems like a rather immature way to have a relationship with.	it is like a  year old girl who has a crush on every hot boy in the school.
Debate on the Purpose of Organic Farming.	organic farming is supposed to be about creating an alternative to the unsustainable industrial agricultural system.	you are probably right, but it seems to be that organic farmers are just as invested in the current definition as the consumers are.
Capital punishment and morality.	murder and inequality are naturally occurring phenomenons.	that does not mean morality does not exist.
Distracted driving and car safety warnings.	not being able to hear warnings their car is giving them.	being a good driver and paying attention to your car solves this problem.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	do not blame feminism for your own lack of exposure to the rest of the world.
Polyamory and selective love.	love is not something you can throw around nilly willy.	polyamorous people do not fall in love with everyone they meet on the street it is more selective than that.
Mandatory helmet use for cyclists.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	you must believe that they also should be required to wear helmets, correct ? you should.
Asian fetishization in pornography.	the thing i am talking about is mostly sexual/regarding sexual attraction.	sexual attraction is innate, but it has also been shaped by our culture, so the aspects of physical appearance that attract me are ones that have come from the society i grew up in.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	absolutely nothing would keep them from throttling bandwith or trying to charge sites for an unthrottled connection.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	that might be more beneficial to someone trying to expand themselves rather than getting thrown right into a highly competitive and tense team sport.
Lack of specificity in language.	why not just use a word for all.	why do you ask questions and end the sentence with a period ? why do you capitalize some words but not all of the ones you are supposed too ? if using one word for many words, and not bothering to use correct punctuation is the plan then count me out ! maybe you just need to learn more, and try to apply yourself more ?.
Teaching life skills in schools.	people have a responsibility to be able to take care of themselves.	we are not taught personal finances, how to do taxes, how to cook a healthy meal, take out insurance, drive a car, or use a power drill, because we can figure it out for ourselves if the situation presents itself.
Faking wealth.	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	take your latest bank statement, scan it, photoshop the balance with lots zeros and print out the altered statement.
The futility of prolonging life and immortality.	that is why i say that trying to prolong life is absolutely useless.	for example, the budget for the sens foundation strategies for engineered negligible senescence URL one of the largest american nonprofit foundations that pump money into life extension research, is about $ million per year.
Monopoly's lack of skill and excessive randomness.	games full of randomness are too boring. like many american kids, i was often forced throughout my childhood to participate in  monopoly  games with my family.	adults are way too smart to play with kids, so a game that relies more on a random number than player skill evens the playing field.
Foreign policy and government services in the US.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	i doubt they would be as great if there were much more turmoil and their back yards.
Morality and belief in God.	without a god there is no reason not rape and murder.	this is especially true if you believe that god is benevolent and all knowing.
Philosophy of human existence and identity.	we are ultimately just piles of atoms that have assembled themselves into semi self aware regions of influence.	i would say that we are not the atoms, but a part of how the atoms are arranged.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	making sweeping generalizations based only on gender would be considered to some sexist.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	depends who you ask.
Causes of crime in society.	i would claim that all crime stems from societal, cultural or personal problems.	again that is not always the case people do not always commit crime out of necessity of deprivation of needs but out of selfishness and greed.
The Effects of Video Games and Dangerous Sports on People	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  athletes  have fewer  real  friends though their circle of acquaintances may be large , tend not to be able to view women as friends at all rather viewing them primarily as possible sexual partners.
The importance of physical appearance in dating.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	if looks were the be all end all then there would not be dates at all.
Legalization of Racism and Free Market Reaction.	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	the vast majority of libertarians are against any sort of social conformity excluding social expectations on the concept of their property.
Morality and belief in God.	without a god there is no reason not rape and murder.	another problem may arise because the above could be seen as circular.
Sick leave and vacation time.	i am required to use my vacation leave when i am sick.	the reason for not distinguishing between sick, personal, and vacation leave is so that people do not get tied down in micromanagement  did you get a doctor is note ? get a doctor is note ! what disease did you have ? can you prove it ?.
The role of the government in business and society.	society needs rich people to look up to.	good, you deserve the extra income, because you had the skills and luck to get to the spot you are in now.
Limitations of the current education system.	so, a society has more to gain by exploiting their potential than that of the average student.	systematic education needs a global overhaul, i think we can both agree on that one.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	that is plenty for most to write a paper of whatever in the given time.
Humanity's worthiness of a savior.	i do not think humanity really deserves a savior, especially at the cost of innocent life.	so if we help humanity, humanity gets better it is as simple as that.
"Piracy in the Music Industry"	the music industry has brought piracy on itself.	you are suggesting that you can pirate the story, ie.
Risks of saving nude photos on phone.	i do not see any sort of reward for saving nude photos on your phone.	it is all risk however small and there is nothing to be gained from it.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	i do not wish to offend, but this is an opinion born from ignorance.
Beauty standards and body image.	is real beauty not being thin, even though you may happen to have a high metabolism or eat healthy foods ?	you are lumping everything together.
Impact of British colonization on India and global connectivity.	in countries like india, the very form of government, transportation system, schooling system, and many other indirect influence have their roots in british colonization.	although the parliamentary democracy that india has today is heavily based on the british government, this is not a sign of the inability of the indian people to come up with their own government and a sign of further western brilliance.
Conservation and Hunting of Endangered Species.	we do not prioritize the environment and society nearly enough and i would rather be too harsh than not harsh enough and destroy one of the few and possibly only life supporting planets in the universe.	i go outside and see the natural wonders, and it is not as you make it out to be.
Disadvantages of big money and large bureaucracy.	small enough to avoid the disadvantages corruption of big money, large inefficient bureaucracy .	if you are worried about the usa is bureaucratic innefficiency, the solution would be to do away with states  rights.
Accessibility to basic human needs.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	can we afford to give everyone state of the art education ? nope.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	can you explain how increasing the wages of teachers would move people from finance to engineering ? i do not see the connection there.
Tattoos and societal norms.	if you placing tattoos in that area, you are sending a message to society, whether you intend to or not.	also, facial tattoos do not mean someone is in a gang or has been in prison.
The impact of ridesharing on immigrant taxi drivers.	finally, ridesharing is taking jobs away from hard working immigrants who come to north america specifically to drive cabs.	reading internet news is unfair to old school newspapers, right ? getting water from a drinking fountain is unfair to bottled water companies.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	classes like english and history often ask  what is the best answer  which does not prove if people had the knowledge and intellect to reason, only that they can think like the exam writer.
Discussion on the concept of privacy.	but i just ca not see how being a bystander to the real crime being committed is a violation of privacy as well.	you were not just standing around when this guy put pictures in your face, or they fell from the sky and you just happened to get a peek.
Uncle's job as a cop dealing with domestic violence.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	do you happen to be a police officer yourself, your reasoning seems very similar to theirs ? he has to now intervene and control the situation in the chaotic house.
Survival ethics in times of scarcity.	if a harvest was projected to be lean, infants would be regularly left to die so that their small villages would have enough food to go around.	these individuals  crimes are the same as the young and the unborn and their deaths should have equal moral weight.
The risks and roles of joining the US armed forces.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	in fact, historically, the iraq war had very few casualties caused by a conventional military most civilian casualties came about from car bombings and ieds placed during the sectarian conflict that broke out during the occupation phase of the iraq war.
Personal definition of success and self-reliance.	my idea of success is having a roof over my head, a steady supply of food, one used car, and a way to obtain the small salary, and also to have remaining spending money to entertain myself.	learn something useful, be a plumber, a contractor, a truck driver, do not be an exploited proletariat.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	you use profanity anyway.
Challenges with societal gender norms and definitions.	the problem lies not within people  being born in the wrong skin , but within society is narrow definitions of men and women and of masculinity and femininity.	at least sloppy definitions give me room to play around with things.
Child safety and leashes in public places.	if little timmy wants to go run to the bey blade section at the store, chase after him but let him.	think about it, when a small child is wearing a leash this frees up both their hands, and the adults hands.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	the law regarding equal protection under the law does not necessarily apply to businesses.
Advantages of Welfare Reform.	there is also the huge benefit of less resentment of those on welfare.	you are talking about using demotivational tactics as a way to emotionally punish people for being poor.
Racism and Reclaiming the Word "Nigger"	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	to conclude, the word nigga has a lot of history behind it and it seems as if you do not know the history.
Fantasy Football	as a game, ff is so bad because you are picking the guys you think are going to score the most points.	i think ff is much more involved than you think it is.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Democracy Progression	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	in his view, it is not unreasonable for china to achieve democracy within  years time.
Nazism and its impact on common people.	we don't have to have zero tolerance for nazis, there were a lot of moderate nazis.	yet all of us realize that nazism is a dangerous and terrible ideology.
Objectification of women.	we view each others as items that can be disregarded at a moments notice.	we already view each other that way.
Difference between libertarianism and other political ideologies.	if you believe something is bad, you should outlaw it.	if they agreed with the premise that something that they think is bad should be banned, they would be either liberals, conservatives or socialists instead.
Travel options and costs for coastal cities in Alaska.	most large cities are on the coast and you are able to travel anywhere.	mostly, i like to travel to the wilderness, which is not a place most cruises go.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	his decision to allow new bones to caricature old bones is regrettable, though.
Judging books by their covers.	you can judge a book by its cover.	while i do subscribe to the idea that you can judge people by their appearances, most people make the mistake of assuming way too much from a handful of details, leading them to commit mistakes.
US military failure in Iraq.	in other words, the united states just lost a war.	when none of these were found, this turned into a war to overthrow an oppressive government headed by saddam hussein and help the people of iraq.
Police shooting of Michael Brown.	michael brown was selected at random by the officer.	this would imply that the police officer made the conscious decision to kill a black person that day in cold blood, and then after that decision had been made randomly selected michael brown to be his victim.
Debate on the necessity of playoffs in determining a winner.	the team that has the most points at the end of such a season is a clear winner, and playoffs are not really needed.	cmv well op, the huge problem with going strictly off of a score tally is that it is only theoretically correct that the team with the most runs for the season is the better team.
Misconceptions about the nature of gods.	gods are just humans who have had a good million or so years to evolve.	if you mean individuals, well, individuals do not evolve, only species.
Modern art and its connection to meaning.	same is true with a lot of modern art.	if you had no idea about reddit or internet culture, seeing a random meme would might make no sense to you.
Discussing interpretations in literature and its relevance to education.	i get that for many people, discussing interpretations is a way of enhancing their reading experience, but what does that have to do with my education ?	one of the most interesting parts of it is the discussion it creates; art in any form is a fantastic way to express feelings, convey messages, and importantly generate discussion around the conclusions people draw from them.
Political spectrum and movements.	a fascist with a libertarian, both are apparently right wing.	the takeaway is that the left is interested in so called  social justice : not just equality under the law, not just equality of opportunity, but equality of outcome.
Opinions on clapping at the end of a performance.	please change my view so i can stop getting annoyed when a theatre full of people clap.	i still clap after every performance.
Pronunciation of Latin phrases in English.	us/english pronunciations of latin phrases show the speaker is complete ignorance of how sounds are formed in romance languages.	i can excuse the inability to pronounce the alveolar trill rolled r , because it is not easily learned.
Advantages of being bisexual.	to my way of thinking, being a bisexual would be great.	practically speaking of course you are limited by how many you wish to approach, and how much rejection you are willing to face.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	prostate cancer charities may simply by not as good at fundraising  cancers that affect mostly men are rarely talked about and receive little funding, this is largely that men convince them selves that their issues are not important and talking about them makes then uncomfortable.
Superficiality in Dating and Social Settings	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	this is no different then when you are at a bar/club and decide who to hit on based on appearance.
Police use of lethal firearms.	first off, why do your day to day patrol officers need lethal firearms ?	you could argue that incapacitating these people is enough, but how are you going to do this ? using non lethal weapons might work, but you would have to get close, which is more dangerous and takes longer than firing a gun.
Casualties in the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict.	by simply looking at the numbers of casualties on both sides, the casualties on the side of the palistinians massively outnumber the ones on the isrealian side.	that includes the war in syria, and in war iraq, and various wars in africa, etc.
Debate on the morality of business actions.	but any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	humans, in general, act out of self interest as do businesses for the most part.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	english classes definitely do not have mc except for like state mandated finals maybe.
Power of words and trigger warnings.	we have granted power to words by creating phrases like  trigger warning  and we coddle our members rather than empowering them.	it is purely malicious backlash against inclusivity, and against trying to make like a bit more bearable for the most endangered amongst us.
Corporate liability for death and officer bans.	death: any and all officers active at the time of the incident are permanently banned from participating in that corporation.	if people simply stopped doing business with corporations that they feel are objectionable, then these problems would take care of themselves.
Marx's views on centralized state planning and socialism.	marx thought centralized state planning was the correct way of running an economy incorrect, marx is somewhat vague over what socialism is to consist of, but he supported worker self management in the first international, though he did support planning of some kind .	now given that i accept that marx may not have had central planning in mind.
Soldiers opposing fascism in a different time.	the soldiers who gave their lives in that conflict can legitimately be seen as laying their lives down to oppose fascism and protect some basic institutions of human freedom.	it is the new order against the old one.
The importance of skill in creating quality art.	quality art takes skill, the possession of which relies on prior experience.	so ? is it somehow wrong or unfair that kids that are into computers and strategy games tend to have prior experience and perform better at math ? that is technically true, but the artist still needs to produce in order to be compensated for his work.
Consistency of devices in schools.	secondly, lack of consistency with students  devices would cause confusion.	the teacher first and foremost needs to make sure everyone can access the same material ie: going onto a certain website vs.
Barriers to communication for the deaf community.	the use of a sign language is central to deaf cultural identity.	if you was to suddenly find yourself deaf, my advice would be to make peace with yourself before you drive yourself to insanity without the ability to use outside noise to drown out your thoughts.
Domestic Violence and Forgiveness	would the man get called out on being wrong and weak for forgiving him ?	the problem is, that it is rarely ever a  one time thine , and more often is the beginning of a long term pattern of abuse.
Definition of Altruism	the bigger the sacrifice, the more generous the person.	right here, after you have defined your absolute, you define magnitude.
Challenges of not being able to vote in politics.	not voting is also works against me since i remove any say on representation in politics.	an absentee ballot cast by myself would be a ballot cast blindly which could actually work against my best interest.
Child safety and leashes in public places.	if little timmy wants to go run to the bey blade section at the store, chase after him but let him.	instead of forcing them to hold a hand in a crowded area, or just a store, you can allow them greater mobility to explore while still being connected to you.
Debate on Greg's Actions and Natural Rights.	in my opinion, greg is actions are completely within the bounds of  natural rights  and the motto that  your rights end where my nose begins .	the fact that its  his property  seems kind of a technicality that i am skeptical even hardcore libertarians would adhere to.
The Radicalization of Feminism.	often the loudest voices recieve the most attention and usually those voices come from the mouths of radical people.	do not blame feminism for your own lack of exposure to the rest of the world.
Animal sentience and the desire to live.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	do not forget: humans  are  animals.
Road safety laws and permit restrictions for cars and bikers.	with these laws i think the roads would become a much safer place for cars and bikers, and many laws will be cleared up for bikers who do not understand the law.	and by doing that bicyclists do not suddenly understand the law, i do not see how that would happen.
Pacifism as an Approach to Dealing with Terrorism.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	when people are fighting for a cause then any violence used against them only makes them more determined.
Racism and Cultural Appropriation.	c more and more people are acting blacker.	you also tend to generalise a lot of things, you need to keep in mind that people are different and although you may come across a few select people who share certain views, does not mean everyone of their culture or race shares the same views.
The importance of storing all information by search engines.	thirdly, all information no matter how irrelevant or relevant should be stored by search engines.	they are also unique to me and my family; there are pictures there that do not belong in a public library, and i would never want them there.
Comparison of economic opportunities between USA and Switzerland.	us policies reduce its citizens economic and opportunities.	the us navy conducts training exercises every year in south east asia URL this is, for many of their countries, their only direct interactions with americans.
White Privilege and Racism	statements like  white people ca not experience racism  are obviously bunk; tell that to the polish guy who got glassed and facially disfigured by a drunk woman in my town on the basis of his identity.	it makes your life easier than it does other people.
Dangers of religion and ideology.	religion and ideology can cause normal people to do horrible things.	these things do not cause  normal  people to do horrible things.
Grading and Approaches in Math, Science, and Humanities Courses.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	you do not get a pass just because you did not show up.
Debate on the Death Penalty	the death penalty makes no sense in modern society.	the best defence of it i have ever heard begins with the fact that in a given society people will be inclined to commit grave crimes against one another, including murder.
Corporate Responsibility and Accountability.	because of the nature of corporations, there can be situations where the corporation caused injury or death to a person yet no one person actually made a decision that knowingly caused it.	a corporation is a bunch of people under one name.
Beauty standards and body image.	is real beauty not being thin, even though you may happen to have a high metabolism or eat healthy foods ?	you are making a lot of assumptions based on your personal preference for the aesthetic of skinny women.
Responsibility of victims in bullying situations.	instead of blaming the bully, you blame the victim.	do you think that will be the case here ? there is no pain to worry about on the commercial end, they will still make just as difficult a terms of service and can just weigh someone down through attrition, given that the vast majority of persons will advance much quicker without reading a present day terms of service.
Pros and Cons of Having Children.	not having child is objectively a great decision, economically, time wise, etc.	my own experience and reasoning for having children is that life was too easy white male in north america , and while i can do much to help better the world around me, the best thing i can do for society is to make the next generation stronger by instilling it with my own values.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	it is why teachers weight tests more than homework because it is done at the end, after you have had the opportunity to understand and learn.
Prioritization and Counseling for Social Dysfunction.	in addition to that, power, respect and a fame of sorts are my priorities too.	if you do not get that checked, it can bite you in the ass a decade down the line, probably before you made your goal.
Police use of lethal firearms.	first off, why do your day to day patrol officers need lethal firearms ?	the reason police are shooting more is because there is an  arms race between uniforms and civilians in the united states.
The importance of scientific evidence in making claims.	i have no concrete scientific knowledge on which i rest my argument besides the fact i cannot see a reason to believe that a metaphysical explanation is necessary.	however, if you have no scientific evidence to support this claim, you should not you  ought  not  go around claiming it as fact.
Ethics of avoiding animal-derived products.	if you choose to avoid things that are derived from the cruel treatment of living things, then you could also make a similar argument pertaining to plants.	we have exterminators that remove vermin from our houses.
***Possible topic: Possible changes to overtime rules in sports.	how about removing players from each side as more and more overtime is played or allow more substitutes during ot ?	lazy how many systems have been tried and this ones stood up the best  the standard argument is that if  minutes in regulation time and  more in over time does not produce a winner another  or more wo not either.
Defining American White Culture and Stereotypical Black Culture.	i would define american white culture as separate from  black  culture as the stereotypical black  thug life  culture.	unless you want to count being benefactors of slavery or segregation, then be my guest ! we might have an american culture, but there sure as hell is not an american white culture.
Choosing to Keep or Change Last Name After Marriage	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	changing your name would be continuing a considerably sexist tradition.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	increased exposure: on a dating sites allow you the opportunity to interact with more people then you would in your daily life.
Obama's defense of Sony's cyber bullying of Kim Jong Un.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	he is responsible for the deaths of thousands of people.
Justice system and punishment methods.	imagine if someone came into your life, took away someone you held near and dear, causing suffering to you and everyone who knew them.	the nice thing about having rules laws and standards set before a crime has occurred it allows punishment to be doled out rationally and with cooler heads.
Legalization of Racism and its Impact on Free Market	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	as society becomes more segregated, racism will become normalized once again and we will be right back in the social situation of .
The pitfalls of researching atheism and religion online.	there are a thousand places, a million internet hits, which one can browse to discover facts on the athiesm/religion debate and even the specific subtopic that was discussed yesterday.	these people are challenging an op directly, not just passively throwing links around.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	big weddings are not appealing to all.
The role of luck in competitive gaming.	there is always going to be the possibility of an otherwise champion player making a stupid, fatal fuckup, or a glitch in the game causing an otherwise unwarranted victory.	if your goal is to goof around and have fun then the luck aspect is not such a big deal but if your goal is to determine who is the better player then allowing lucky events to tip the scales is only going to leave players and audiences with doubts.
Gender identity and anatomy.	the things that define what a  aman  is is essentially a penis, and likewise, a vagina for a woman anatomically and scientifically .	you will accept a person is gender without having to check under the hood.
Police abuse and accountability.	to clarify; i think these officers abusing their uniform are repulsive.	the problem is the unaccountably.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	they are spending money on what they want/what is more important to them.
Opinions on clapping at the end of a performance.	please change my view so i can stop getting annoyed when a theatre full of people clap.	i clap when something stunningly funny happens while i am watching tv at home, alone.
Grading based on handwriting in engineering.	a core of engineering is about communicating.	its usually typed/printed.
Religion and its Impact on Progress and Values.	all over the world, religion is being used as an excuse to carry out evil acts.	what makes it so incompatible now at this arbitrary point in time ?.
Comparison of Racism and Heightism	racism and height ism are both a form of sociopathy, because instead of people, you just see cartoon cutouts based on your prejudices, and that allows you to be horrible to them.	racism has a history of serious harm and oppression done upon entire groups of people, heightism lacks that history.
STI testing and Planned Parenthood's goals.	for society as a whole, people would be benefited by frequent and free sti tests.	we should not create  rights  that force people to give you services for free.
Welfare and Benefits Reform	if welfare were to be rapidly dismantled, i believe the us would be in a worse state.	agreed, but that still harms the child.
Body positivity and self-improvement for women.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	the campaign is not saying  only  real women have curves.
Use of Neutral Language in Progressive Discourse.	those of a progressive persuasions also replace words felt to have a nasty connotation, such as  prostitute , with bland,  neutral  terms such as  sex worker  which of course are not neutral, but seek to reinforce the author is opinion in one way or another .	politically incorrect language is not just  blunt, direct language , it is often specifically used to be hurtful even when  elitist   jargon  could more appropriately define the situation.
Morality and belief in God.	without a god there is no reason not rape and murder.	or, in other words, in the same way that someone can follow the law for reasons other than fear, people can obey god for reasons other than fear many people cite love or faith.
Comparison of Soviet and US Cartoons.	i used to watch soviet cartoons which are diametrically different from the ones produced in the us.	has tons of educational programming on television.
HOA's goals and effectiveness in maintaining property values.	one of the main goals of an hoa are to help maintain or even increase the value of the homes in the neighborhood by preventing people from doing things that would lower property values.	hoas are infringing on my freedom to do this.
Severity of punishment for unintentional wrongdoings.	If a person does something wrong unintentionally, he should not be punished very severely	nobody is a fast enough driver to swerve in time.
NBA's entertainment value vs. offering opportunities for shorter players.	while some, even the majority of, people will always prefer the nbas entertainment value, there is little to be lost by offering the vertically challenged a chance to strut their stuff.	i do not think its true that there is  little to be lost.
Abortion and Fetal Personhood.	the crux of the argument is whether the fetus is a person.	viability  is a word thrown around a lot in terms of individual is personal thoughts on abortion morality, but the laws surrounding abortion are not actually based on it.
The nature of amoral behavior and social contracts.	and what we think is  amoral  is actually just a social contract.	just because we have not figured out the punishment thing does not mean that morals do not exist.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	and yes, i already saw that you said,  i am not talking about military, i am talking about orion  but you are talking about orion in the context of  resource allocation.
Debate on Monogamy vs. Open Relationships.	more over, the reasons for being monogamous are exclusively character flaws related to the items mentioned above, or outright ignorance about non monogamy, about stis, etc .	casual sex is new but it is also so clumsy and blind.
Changing last name for practicality and tradition.	well obviously, you are making an assumtion that your family name is more important than theirs.	it is not unreasonable because, in most cases, the breadwinner is the one whose last name is chosen.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	i have seen or heard performances by at least two of the stars that ran circles around their work in the original trilogy.
Artistic integrity and commercialism in the music industry.	the art is no longer as genuine.	thought experiment: your favorite song and artist are used to endorse an obscure brand of koeran tampons.
Non-monetary ways of providing for others.	please, give me an example of something that provides for others which does not run on money.	of course this ca not be done on a budget of $ but can you argue how the involvement of money in any form taints the mission of doctors without borders ?.
Speed running and the importance of bosses.	the idea of speed running is about being able to beat the game the fastest and bosses are an important part of the game.	beating bosses is simply playing  who know how and when to press buttons and how to wiggle the stick  the best.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	the us navy conducts training exercises every year in south east asia URL this is, for many of their countries, their only direct interactions with americans.
Generosity and Expectations.	showing a readiness to give more of something, as money or time, than is strictly necessary or expected.	we are, basically, discussing compassion, here, and providing gifts and money is not always the best thing to do.
The limitations of opinions and beliefs as social constructs.	if you are a fast learner and keep distance between your ego and your hypothesis, then the concept of opinion, or belief, is useless.	do i think and act a certain way because it is expected of me, or is it expected of me because i think and act a certain way ? am i liberal because i hang out with liberals, or do i hang out with liberals because i am liberal ? it is a social construct that originates with the mentally weak.
Benefits of taking morning showers.	you do not sweat nearly as much during the night.	when i get in the shower i am barely awake, but by the time i get out of the shower i am fully aware and ready to face the day.
Men's rights in abortion and financial obligations.	therefore, i believe that men should either have abortion rights, or the right to waive all financial obligations to his child while abortion is still an option.	you also are ignoring that the moment moment that fetus turns into a child she no longer has full control.
Religion and the concept of God.	if god created us in his image, why is he considered good when we are a violent species ?	such as can he create an indestructible wall that he cannot break no matter how much he tried ? or can he create a box which makes it impossible for him to know what is happening inside ? if you define an all powerful being as something that cannot be restricted by anything but itself, none of your two examples lead to paradoxes.
Racism in Disney movies.	is there anyone that will argue that even these are not harmfully racist ?	and if they are harmfully racist, at which point did the racism disappear or become benign ? society in general was extremely racist in the s, and it is a lot better now.
Commercialization of music and its impact on authenticity.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	wikipedia URL the compromising of integrity, morality, authenticity or principles in exchange for personal gain, such as money.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	how do you define excessive amounts ? the problem here is that we are trying to get students to learn, so that society will continue to thrive or at least survive in the future when they are in charge.
Grading in Maths and Science	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	do you think nasa engineers that made the metric/imperial mistake deserve a pass because of that one mistake ? you do not get points for what you know if you ca not express your knowledge, as many engineers/scholars/entrepreneurs would tell you.
Inaccuracies in the Gregorian calendar.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	the developer of the hanke henry calendar states that the main reason to avoid changing the calendar is a psychological one.
Beauty standards for women.	and places value in the superficial that is completely irrelevant.	how far tom brady throws is superficial, and celebrating him just because he can throw a ball is silly is not it ? it is so superficial and has nothing to do with the inner subjectivity of life, so its worthless.
Basic human needs and Maslow's hierarchy.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	today, the biggest problem is access, not competitiveness.
Customizing mobile devices with jailbreaking and theming.	i have been able to make my jailbroken device look more beautiful and customized than i ever have with my phone or have seen on other is android phones.	some functions are more important to people than others, and that is where personal preference comes in.
The use of vague language in media reporting.	limp words such as that are used by media outlets of all political persuasions in preference to terms that are more informative and accurate, qualities normally appreciated in news coverage.	so again, different words have different meaning, and it is cool that we have different words to describe things more precisely.
Spanking as a consequence for young children's actions.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	it encourages a young child to hide the behavior instead of change it.
The limitations of ethical consumerism.	in practice, ethical consumerism is used as an excuse to abolish democratically implemented regulations, leaving huge questions the environment, workers rights, and the like to the will of a system that inherently values profit over superficial  ethics .	it is not a  mostly irrelevant niche market.
Perception of police by law-abiding citizens.	for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	even when the abuses are brought to light, they are rarely held accountable at all and even more rarely held accountable to the same extent that another non cop citizen would be held accountable in the same situation.
Capital punishment and use of the electric chair	some of these people who commit these crimes make me want to personally execute them.	so, you are already getting what you want here without the furtherance of additional cruelty, which you say is bad.
Belief in God and personal stance on religion.	i mean god as a supreme being/entity who is all knowing, all powerful, and created the universe.	so, firstly, i am agnostic leaning towards atheist.
The importance of a stable household for a child's success.	in order for a child to be sucessful, he/she needs to be raised in a stable household economically, socially, and emotionally.	having them stay together would have meant subjecting me to a pretty toxic environment.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	if i want to stop at mcdonalds and get a dollar menu sandwich, do i really need his permission ? that would be crazy.
Consistency of devices in schools.	secondly, lack of consistency with students  devices would cause confusion.	there are websites designed for students where they can catch up on lectures, turn in homework or chat with other classmates.
Definition of consciousness and its relation to subjective experience.	clarification of terms: i am using  consciousness  here to refer to any kind of subjectivity/awareness/interiority.	you have only made the point that a person may have multiple separate consciousnesses within himself.
Funding public education and health care systems.	most of the resources obtained by the redirected inheritances could fund very strong public education and health care systems giving everyone a fair start in life.	inheritance excess taxes will eventually end up in a general fund and be wasted on stupid things.
Debate on Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	if a trait renders an individual infertile, they may still contribute to the success of the species, in which case populations that contained that gene in some proportion would be more successful than those that did not.
Debating fairness and principles of same-sex marriage legalization.	on what principle would we act to include same sex marriage that would not be unfair towards other types of relationships like same sex throuples or polygamists, etc ?	redefining marriage again further weakens marriage and sends a dangerous message.
School liability waivers.	in my school, for example, in order to attend we have to sign waivers.	i am not sure what you mean in regards to religion, but schools cannot restrict or influence your religion in any way.
Debating the ethics of publishing the name of an accused person.	i do not, however, support publishing the name or likeness of an accused person.	but police are looking for him, so if you have any information about this guy we ca not tell you anything about, please call the non emergency number.
Impact of voting in swing states/ridings.	unless you live in a swing state/riding, your vote is not going to make a difference.	not everywhere uses first past the post.
Gun control and government tyranny in the US.	if there are either no guns or very limited types of guns in the us there can be no effective defense against a tyrannical government.	there were, in all  colonies, elected legislatures which were primarily responsible for the administration of the colonies, including for the collection of tax and provision of basic government services, such as courts, and militias for fighting off those pesky natives.
Balancing punishment for consensual adult actions.	rather than attempting to punish an adult for something that was done consensually.	that is why it is rape.
Challenges with Arab Muslim perceptions of Westerners.	i understand that not all arabic muslims want my head on a platter, but enough do to constantly have struggles over there.	our recent nearly a decade long foray into iraq, while it was not an occupation, should be proof enough as to why a prolonged stay ca not and wo not bring out the results you are trying to seek.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	we  know  not all men assault.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	you do not get a pass just because you did not show up.
Discussion on sexuality and LGBTQ+ events.	however, when i go to gay pride, i notice the whole thing is very sexual with lewd performances and so on.	if homosexuality is so strongly linked to promiscuity, why would we spend the last x years fighting for same sex marriage ?.
The Benefits and Limitations of Cruises	i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, you should go on a cruise.	i would much rather find things to do that i really enjoy or that are unique to a place, than to just sit back and be entertained on a cruise ship.
Body positivity and weight acceptance.	there is a lot going around the internet in regards to people being comfortable with their weight.	go to the gym.
Attire at Music Festivals.	should girls be expected to wear bikini tops and bra is in public ?	it sets the example that music festivals are a safe place to wear whatever you want.
Religion and its Impact on Progress and Values.	all over the world, religion is being used as an excuse to carry out evil acts.	they progressed the human condition just fine while believing in the tenets of their faith.
The value of writing and existence.	my books would most likely just be lost to time and pointlessness, so why even bother ?	you may not become famous.
Gender-neutral bathrooms and potential concerns.	as trans/queer gendered people are coming out and becoming more accepted, distinguishing between two genders for the bathroom just reinforces a gender binary that could potentially alienate them.	so put in bathrooms with a larger number of stalls.
Patents and Copyright as Property.	however, patents and copyright are not  property  in the sense that cars are.	but they are property in the way stocks are.
Wedding industry and true love.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	alternatively, will you get the same joy out of watching a concert or sports game on tv as you do being at the concert/sports game ? or they want to have fun and celebrate one of the biggest steps in their lives.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	cutting religion out of the human equation is just going to lead a different void that people will choose to mislead people with.
Voting and Political Thinking	i want to vote for someone who i would actually want to hold that office.	your position is essentially the same: if you ca not have a candidate in office that speaks  to your position, than you are not willing to play ball.
Criticism of Desktop Design.	as far as i can see, the desktop is a hodgepodge of bad ideas all rolled together.	the idea that the current paradigm of the desktop not being the theoretical ideal is a statement that is as assuredly true as it is unhelpful in practice.
Bicycling restrictions and safety concerns.	then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	why do not bicyclists have these same restrictions and obligations to use those same roads ? because a normal car driving at normal speeds can cause a lot more damage than a normal bike being ridden at its normal speed.
The longevity and aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	but for every person with a stupid monster energy drink tattoo on their chest, there is someone like me, with a tattoo that reminds them of happy times and is a reminder to them of who they are and what they have been through.
International policing and American perspective.	why not let the rest of the world police itself for a change ?	if the us worked towards capturing/killing the rebels, think of how many lives would be saved ? would they be saved american lives ? no.
Subsidies for drivers and other modes of transportation.	hence everyone else, who has better things to do than drive everywhere, are forced to subsidize drivers in their irresponsible choices.	even the very sidewalks you stroll on exist because cement was brought in a truck and spread by workers who drove there.
Comparison between fistbump and handshake.	a fistbump establishes a sense of camaraderie and kinship in just a second, whereas a handshake can take several seconds to complete, at a greater personal investment to both parties.	i am not saying it has to be the handshake, but it is useful to have an array of social signs rather than just one.
Comparison of gymnastics and rock climbing.	yet gymnastics asks one to maneuver their bodies into shapes that the human figure is not meant to form.	/e   also, unlike so many sports, gymnastics requires a very high level of mental toughness, even over physical ability.
Justification for a preemptive strike.	the attacker could just be waiting to recoup and attack again, especially as vengeance for being bested.	victim had a lucky first strike and assailant does not play possum: now you are just kicking a man when he is down after he has been neutralized.
Gun Training and Safety.	training should focus on both the legal framework regarding gun usage and proper shooting technique and gun maintenance.	maybe legal training will prevent a few situations in which someone kills someone incorrectly thinking they they are properly defending themselves, but there do not seem to be many of these imperfect self defense cases.
The Benefits and Limitations of Cruises	i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, you should go on a cruise.	second off, something like a house swap can be quite luxerious and much cheaper, given you are getting basically free accommodations and can buy and cook a lot of your own food.
Overpopulation and Climate Change.	every new person contributes to anthropogenic climate change.	how do you figure that ? our impact on climate change is one tiny part of our overall impact on the lives of others.
The importance of emotional connection in sexual relationships.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	have you got any proof to back this claim up ? i think it is pretty easy to look at western europe to see a pretty laissez faire attitude towards sex and also see pretty healthy, thriving societies.
Yelling at someone without seeing themselves as the bad guy.	the person who you are yelling at does not see themselves as  the bad guy .	public calling out of a commentator wo not change the mind of the commentator, but can affect the people who heard the original message.
LGBTQ+ rights and Republican opposition.	the gop is base is why my queer friends and i ca not marry who we love in most states.	this is for mostly religious reasons.
Gender roles and slut-shaming.	because the man is doing the work, the idea of the slut is perpetuated by  allowing  males to sleep with them, so in a world where the norm is that men and women put in equal work when courting, there could be no sluts.	i am sure that the rush limbaughs of the world could find a way to label a woman a slut.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	so, second degree murder in ny is defined as follows: URL  a person is guilty of murder in the second degree when: .
Gender identity and expression.	see, i have a gay friend who has many  feminine  traits, talks very much like a woman, his mannerisms, his tastes, etc.	this simply is not true, because transgender people are typically uncomfortable with the anatomy that they are given, and being trans has biological causes URL basically, you could totally get rid of gender roles altogether and you would still have trans people.
Commercialization of music and its impact on authenticity.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	i do not see how my music becomes less  pure  if nissan later pays me to use that song in a car commercial.
Parity in American sports leagues.	true parity, if achieved, would mean that every team is a middle of the pack team.	that is the type of  parity  american sports leagues want.
Heelies vs Bicycles on Roads	i want to ride my heelies here so i am entitled.	why do not bicyclists have these same restrictions and obligations to use those same roads ? you do not really need to be worried about a bicycle with a faulty emissions system, or a cracked windshield.
Eating cats and dogs to fight poverty and hunger.	there is no more health risk from eating a healthy cat/dog than there is from eating any other animal.	therefore to process on an industrial scale would likely be more expensive than processing regular farm raised meat.
Gun violence and its impact on society.	not to mention the amount of people who die each year due to violence with the use of guns and firearms such as mass killings of innocent lives.	people in the australian outback, ranchers, alaska, etc all require guns for more than just protection.
Debate on the feasibility of ancap utopia.	the only difference between the ancap utopia and our own world is that, in the ancap society, everyone nearly homogeneously believes in ancap principles, asides from a few troublemakers.	heck everyone does this a little, so really we all have a little anarchist in us all.
Judging books by their covers.	you can judge a book by its cover.	also, some people are just bad at it.
Poor quality of debate among friends can harm relationships.	the quality of the debate you have with your friends at a dinner table is likely to be much, much poorer than a debate by experts.	if someone becomes visibly agitated or starts violently shouting their points, simply stop the discussion.
The dangers of introducing alcohol to children.	one reason is that you are introducing your child to a potentially harmful substance, linked to both liver and brain damage, at a time when their body and brain are still developing and are especially susceptible to damage.	while the parent may think they have good intentions, that message might be interpreted and applied by the child in not so good ways.
Criticism of Winter Olympics Sports Variety.	the sports in the winter olympics are just plain old boring.	to me, both of them have their boring and exciting events.
Corporate Priorities and Employee Retention in Big Tech Companies.	my view is that publicly owned companies run their business model by focusing on their shareholders first, their customers second, and their employees and assets last.	some companies do put in training and incentives but they are in the areas where there is high demand for employees.
Limitations of investing time in social and technological movements.	so, in choosing between investing one is time in creating a potentially revolutionary social and technological movement vs.	even things that are possible are often very  unlikely  to happen.
Comparing acoustic and electric music.	without vocal effects, bieber has been proven not to be able to reach the same notes as the white stripes have.	unless you are a fortune teller there is no way to make an objective assessment of any currently alive artist.
Opposition to the Iraq War.	i am not saying all wars are avoidable, but even though i am highly ignorant about politics, i just did not see the point of iraq war.	this decision is made by politicians.
Toxicity in Gaming Community.	even i have recieved some hate messages for disagreeing with them.	the fbi has the resources to actually track these people down, your twitter/youtube followers do not.
Power of words and trigger warnings.	we have granted power to words by creating phrases like  trigger warning  and we coddle our members rather than empowering them.	it is not us who granted power to works, but human psychology that ptsd happens to be a part of, and that is traumatic shocks can be triggered by words, among other things.
Scotland's potential independence and its impact on the UK's military.	well, first of all, the uk, currently the fourth largest military power in the world and a country that has a permanent seat on the un security council would be decimated in its strength.	you ca not leave a union just because you do not like the outcome of an election, that is itself anti democratic there is a difference between leaving a union because you do not like the outcome of an election, and leaving a union because, as a minority your interests are consistently ignored or downplayed.
Benefits and drawbacks of taking time to make decisions.	when making a decision, taking long amounts of time to analyse and consider one is options is more beneficial than making a decision that is regretful.	taking your time to decide which class you want to take is not always practical when there are limited slots and you are not in a position to pick what you want.
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	you have failed to argue why abortion ca not be an option.
Importance of Privacy in Society.	i need a logical argument not based on dangerous potential endgames, or a justification for privacy in itself beyond just that  privacy is good .	there is nothing illogical about the slippery slope argument.
Animal overpopulation and euthanasia.	poverty, hunger, and starvation are not problems reserved strictly for third world countries.	quantity of food is not an issue, it is distribution.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	while you may think the school is sufficiently legally protected, since what happens off campus they are not responsible for, i think you are underestimating what pressure the school is actually under.
Sexual orientation and dating preferences.	if you happen to go more for women than men, that would still render you bi.	well, sucks to be you, i guess ? intersexuality is very much a reality, whether you choose to acknowledge it or not.
Obesity and Legislative Impact on Healthy Alternatives.	point being, obesity only runs rampant in the united states because legislature is not there to deflate the cost of healthy alternatives.	the cause of obesity is not fully understood.
Casual sex and its effects on society.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	it is a bit like moving in with your best friend you may think they are awesome, but you do not know what they are like in the context of sharing living space, and it may be completely different than what you would expect for the worse.
Addiction and Responsibility.	addiction is a disease and a way to absolve people of responsibility for their actions.	to some extent yes, however it is not a black and white situation here.
Advancements in public health.	from hygiene improvements, to increasing indoor plumbing, to funding research programs into vaccines and future medicines.	the main thing that will prevent the further spread of ebola is to stop the fear mongering and start education.
Limitations of an all-powerful being.	if you have an answer to that question, that same answer could be translated to the universe.	same is true for all knowing.
Differences in coping mechanisms in a relationship.	for example, say i am in a relationship and i value alone time when i get stressed.	my significant other values spending time with me when she gets stressed.
Believing in Love and Overcoming Heartbreak.	i believe we should all believe in love, and fight for it.	the problem is not fighting for love or not, it is recognizing whether your chances for great love are fighting for a past love, or finding that future love.
Consequences of universal maxims.	by considering whether something ought to be a universal maxim, we are already considering the consequences of that thing being a universal law.	thinking about whether or not people in the future should or should not follow a particular maxim does not quite fit that bill.
Gender-neutral bathrooms and potential concerns.	as trans/queer gendered people are coming out and becoming more accepted, distinguishing between two genders for the bathroom just reinforces a gender binary that could potentially alienate them.	there are often gender segregated bathrooms alongside those ones.
Corporate liability for death and officer bans.	death: any and all officers active at the time of the incident are permanently banned from participating in that corporation.	we do not need new laws, or regulations, or more government intervention.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	but by ignoring it then they will work harder to sell you their stuff.
Faith in Competent Leaders and Historical Perspective on Problems.	would not you feel more comfortable putting your faith in the hands of honest, educated, competent people, then a majority that is lacking most of those things ?	and who selects them and judges these merits ? a group of people ? and how are they selected ? using statistics of birth rates, education levels,   income levels, would not you agree that lower society is the one reproducing at higher rates ? possibly because they are not bright enough to understand the financial, personal   physical burdens having many kids cause.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	at some point this happens to just about everyone.
Freedom of religion and speech.	freedom of religion is freedom from religion.	it just  forces  again, i think, too strong of a word to observe others adhering to their religion.
Online Dating and Consumerism.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	i am not seeing how a dating site causes this.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	while anyone can make a meme, far fewer people spend the time and effort to really analyze, think about, and respond to art in a thoughtful way, and so many people are willing to pay a premium to own a part of this ongoing conversation between artists.
Accountability for civilian casualties in Gaza.	israel should not be held accountable for civilian casualties in gaza when hamas is actively trying to increase civilian casualties by firing missiles out of civilian buildings.	ironically, hamas was first supported by israel because the real threat to israel were the secular arab dictatorships, not religious groups that eventually turned extremist.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	for every enemy we create, we make  more friends.
Accuracy of Mundane News Stories.	but these stories take up an inappropriate amount of space in the public impression of the media, and are hugely outnumbered by the mundane stories the press gets more or less right.	for instance, the number of people reported to have attended a speech is rarely accurate except when the number is gathered by a third party and quoted to the reporter.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	getting them evenly spaced sounds hard, but it is not because you are steering from the rear.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	and a police officer is a: going to be, as you pointed out, more accurate, so more likely to hit his target and not have as much collateral damage, and b: going to  give a fuck  what is behind his target, and will thus be careful not to shoot if he could hit a civilian.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	or they are only available through some weird rd party website that does not have a tablet or mobile version and you ca not get the book online it is order only because they are on the approved university list vendors.
The benefits and drawbacks of giving up freedom.	what the heck is so great about giving up so much of your freedom and taking on unimaginable responsibilities ?	i hated my freedom, it felt incredibly self centered, depressive, and pointless.
Feminism and Public Opinion.	these connotations seem to turn public opinion away from the feminist movement.	i can name historical ones from the th century, but not any for right now.
Vegetarianism and sexual orientation as innate characteristics.	i am a sort of buddhist who believes unless you are stuck in the jungle in a survival of the fittest situation, you have no moral justification to eat meat, cmv.	except, with a global population of over  billion, we cannot necessarily sustain ourselves completely without meat.
The value and limitations of cultural differences.	cultures are not entities that have or can have rights, nor are cultural differences inherently valuable or wrong, for that matter .	they are not the same thing.
The longevity and aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	again, myself, and the dozen people i know who have tattoos did not get them for other people.
Tattoos and Employment.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	but if that is the field they choose to work in, why is that any of your concern ? i feel like this depends on the person, but i think as a general rule it is important to consider.
The ethics of suicide and society's role in prevention.	my view is that suicide is your last right which cannot be taken away without complete captivity and dehumanizing restraints.	does not society have an obligation to restrain patients afflicted with this bug and pump them full of antibiotics to cure them ? this is what suicide is.
Gender-neutral bathrooms and potential concerns.	as trans/queer gendered people are coming out and becoming more accepted, distinguishing between two genders for the bathroom just reinforces a gender binary that could potentially alienate them.	the only solution i can think of would be to make sure there are unisex bathrooms available as well as more  traditional  ones.
NBA's entertainment value vs. offering opportunities for shorter players.	while some, even the majority of, people will always prefer the nbas entertainment value, there is little to be lost by offering the vertically challenged a chance to strut their stuff.	it also kind of sucks if a kid has a growth spurt halfway through the season, but is not good enough to compete in the  tall league  :.
Challenges of social mobility in higher education.	as most universities give huge financial aid scholarships, poor kids who are able study hard and succeed in school have amazing opportunities in tertiary education.	and the discussion partially comes down to whether you believe that to the extent opportunities are inequitable we do not live in a true meritocracy they should be made more equitable, or you believe that the fact that some people can succeed despite inequity means that it is not a problem.
Police officers' good and bad acts.	for every bad act a police officer is caught doing, i am sure there are thousands of more good acts.	we do not constantly celebrate firemen for saving lives because that is what is expected from them.
Opposition to the Iraq War.	i am not saying all wars are avoidable, but even though i am highly ignorant about politics, i just did not see the point of iraq war.	the decision to go to and participate in war is not made by the individual military members.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	up until about  years ago women could not even vote.
Criticism of schools as capitalist holding cells.	there may be other dynamics at play, but the  school as capitalist holding cell, but we ca not point that out because people get mad  is at least one dynamic at play.	they do it because they are schools, and they actually serve a purpose.
Grading in Maths and Science.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	if you are a cashier your manager does not give you a high five for every transaction, but if you give a $ back instead of a $ they are going to be mad.
Relationship between personal finance and market trends.	economics what you do with your money affects the markets.	should we expand this to include unhealthy foods ? i do not ski because it is dangerous to me.
The value and limitations of cultural differences.	cultures are not entities that have or can have rights, nor are cultural differences inherently valuable or wrong, for that matter .	do you disagree that a culture can be intentionally eliminated ?.
Social anxiety and difficulty with romantic relationships.	i had no courage to even talk to a girl i had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.	it is the same tired old self help advice wrapped in a different package.
Comparison of wartime atrocities and Nazi genocide.	the atrocities that the german army commited are similar to those commited by other armies in other wars.	with as little effort as possible.
The accuracy of education research in academia.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	there are tons of research papers written that ultimately do not really mean anything, but that applies just as well to the harder sciences.
Voluntaryism and Tax Exempt Status of Religious Organizations.	the only exception i have thought of is the tax exempt status of religious organizations.	this is the non aggression principle of government.
The meaning of life.	i mean meaningless to the person who is doing the dying.	if you affect the world in a positive way, your life, i argue, has meaning.
The value of writing and existence.	my books would most likely just be lost to time and pointlessness, so why even bother ?	i am in a creative field and i am still learning this lesson: most people who make things that are really good have been through hell and back.
Conflicting views on acceptance of homosexuality.	you speak of peace yet not everyone has come to think well of homosexuals.	by that time, we should generally empathize with more people.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	european fragmentation, whether wary nationalists in germany and greece, or the strong anti euro block in the u.
Advantages and limitations of using tablets for reading.	a tablet saves trees, carbon dioxide, etc, but reducing the amount of paper that would normally be printed out.	you can throw a book on the ground and it is still readable.
The negative effects of video games on social life.	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	socializing is good, but i would argue that a mixture is best and only having one or the other is both equally destructive to the mind.
Meditation and its misconceptions.	people who advocate meditation are making a status play.	people meditate for their own reasons.
Controversy over Michael Brown's character.	i get pissed off that people think michael brown is still a saint after the video of him robbing the store was released.	you have as much evidence of what happened as anybody else.
Influence of culture on sexuality and behavior.	i believe the culture in which a person lives can influence at least some people to be gay/bi/pedofilic.	they may feel one way and act another.
Challenges of true democracy in modern society.	true democracy has not been around since athens the last time all the people in a society was feasibly able to get together in a forum to vote.	you would either be putting the onus on every citizen to give up any other career or social life they have in order to devote all of their time into being politicians or you would be handing even more power over to special interest groups as opposed to representatives.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	in some places it is a monopoly.
US as a Counter to Tyranny	thus, the us remains the best counter to tyranny in the world.	a good example of what i am talking about is operation condor URL which killed several democratic elected leaders in south america URL organized several coups and began many dictatorships in the  is, beggining an era of oppression, killing of opposition and censor URL with the intention of avoiding the spread of communism.
Asian fetishization in pornography.	the thing i am talking about is mostly sexual/regarding sexual attraction.	it seems to be taking objectification to an extreme level.
HOA's goals and effectiveness in maintaining property values.	one of the main goals of an hoa are to help maintain or even increase the value of the homes in the neighborhood by preventing people from doing things that would lower property values.	what if i bought my own home just so i could have the freedom to do this i do not know, say, have band practices ? paint my house a crazy colour ? i am not a homeowner so i am spitballing here.
Impact of Driverless Cars on Insurance and Corporations.	most importantly large insurance companies will take a hit from this, and we all know who calls the shots in the us government, the big corps.	that will fight back and have the money to do so.
City's policy on transportation balance.	the other argument is that the city is gouging drivers.	to want to see harm done to a group of people sounds more like revenge then fair taxation.
Non-monetary ways of providing for others.	please, give me an example of something that provides for others which does not run on money.	money is not most fundamentally a mark of  greed  but just a convenient way to show that something is worth a given amount of effort.
Ray Rice's suspension from the NFL.	so i heard an interesting opinion about the ray rice situation, so he assaulted his fiance, and when the video of that got leaked, public outrage caused him to be suspended from the nfl permanently.	couple this with the fact that most abusers are usually contrite and promise that the behavior was an aberration a one time occurrence, never to be repeated.
Challenges of being a feminist ally.	if i identify as a feminist ally and mainstream feminism decides to go off the deep end, my ally status nevertheless shackles me to a movement over which i have no influence.	how the heck does it shackle you to anything ? be very specific.
The effectiveness of fire drills.	after all, experience under non life threatening drill situations hardly emulate life or death situations.	the same might not be able to be said for a child.
The benefits of taking time to make decisions.	when making a decision, taking long amounts of time to analyse and consider one is options is more beneficial than making a decision that is regretful.	if you are in a car, and there is an accident in front of you, you have to make a decision on how to react.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if we all obeyed them, traffic would come to a crawl.	you raise the limit more so the slower people speed up, and people continue to speed again.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	vasectomies fail, iuds fail, tubal ligations fail.
Individual rights and ownership.	property is a right because we own our selves and consequently our mind and labor.	how could property be a right if it does not exist if no one else agrees it exists ?.
Affirmative action and its impact on white individuals.	the argument that simple policies somehow hurt whites as a whole is a very frivolous argument.	in particular, there is a very obvious reason to suspect that affirmative action hurts whites: affirmative action gives a minority applicant a benefit to increase their chance of being hired/admitted to school/etc.
Tolerance and morality in society.	but conservative societies do not have to tolerate liberal members.	liberalism is winning so far.
Non-consensual sharing of intimate photos.	i know some photos of random girls have to have been from a boyfriend or ex that were uploaded without the girl is permission.	but i do not see anyone worry about that or anyone who cares, and i do not see how that is different from this its creepy that you would look at normal girls unwanted pictures too.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	so who do you want shooting first: a random, completely uncontrolled individual we know nothing about, save that he is armed, dangerous and unpredictable; or a police officer who is had marksmanship training and has been trained to put the safety of the public above his own life ?.
Artists selling their art.	even established actors or comedians should not be doing commercials.	so how is this any different than any other art that is sold ? artists have to eat, and selling their art helps them do this.
Evolutionary Psychology of Physical Attraction.	beauty signals health, fertility, good genes, intellect, good decision making, and the subjective part of looks probably has something to do with traits that blend well with my own genes.	for these males, physical appearance is the best way to assess health at a glance to increase the chances of having healthy offspring.
Challenges with Immigration Policy.	If the threshold for immigration is too low, there will be too rapid a population inflow in this process that the country can not handle.	making it more expensive does not make them less hungry.they will come regardless.you can at least keep track if you let them in for a reasonable cost given their condition.
Beauty standards and body image.	is real beauty not being thin, even though you may happen to have a high metabolism or eat healthy foods ?	how can you glance at a thin woman and know she is thin because of a great metabolism ? women with eating disorders, alcohol/drug addiction, cancer, or aids can be thin.
Freedom of speech and minority views.	speech that is hateful, bigoted, and just terrible should be made illegal.	we allow the minority to be wrong without persecution because they have often been the moral voice of reason, pushing for change when the majority was comfortable with the status quo.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	that being said, since it is advent nintendo in typical toy market fashion released a  paired toy  or a toy that compliments other products from it is product line.
Personal views on feminism and equality.	after studying feminism in an academic setting, there were many ideas i agreed with and many i disagreed with.	while many of these unique feminisms have ideological overlap and some include a number of the  required  items you put forth, there is no single set of beliefs that ties them all together, other than the idea that women are people, and are entitled to the same rights and privileges as men.
Logic vs. Science in Understanding Human Behavior.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	certainly, but science does not explain human behavior.
Improvement in quality of life, technology, and crime rate.	the quality of life is increasing, technology is improving, and crime is falling.	 of black males under the age of  have arrest records.
ISIS taking over Iraq and mocking US on Twitter.	isis, which is more or less the same as al qaeda, is in the process of taking over iraq.	they have captured a bunch of us military weaponry like hummers and black hawk helicopters, and openly mock us about it on twitter.
Privacy and the Ethics of Peeping Tom Behavior	i think about all the porn out there, i know some photos of random girls have to have been from a boyfriend or ex that were uploaded without the girl is permission.	morally, you should respect them.
The fallacy of sound reasoning in suicide.	in my example, the depressed person is reasoning appears perfectly sound so i do not see why he should not commit suicide.	i know that when i am in the midst of depression death sometimes seems like the only reasonable answer, but over time, i have had a pretty good life in the midst of depression issues.
Galileo's scientific contributions and societal limitations.	what if galileo had only studied what was politically correct ?	but we know they are pseudoscience because of experimenting in other areas and maybe even in those areas.
Two-state solution and Israeli annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the two state solution, israel would have to treat a palestine, as a country, with sovereignty.	it is easy to point out that palestinians have been launching attacks on israel for decades as well.
Social anxiety and difficulty with romantic relationships.	i had no courage to even talk to a girl i had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.	a field regularly lambasted for goal posting and arbitrary measures it is not that the advice they give is bad, it is just old.
Faking wealth.	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	but if you want more than just numbers on a paper then  that  is what your goal is, not money.
Opinions on clapping at the end of a performance.	please change my view so i can stop getting annoyed when a theatre full of people clap.	this ones easy: stop concerning yourself with the things that others enjoy that have absolutely no effect on you what so ever.
Addiction and Responsibility.	addiction is a disease and a way to absolve people of responsibility for their actions.	a person with depression can choose to act in ways that help his depression, and in this way  choose not to have it.
The Dark Side of Black Culture and Racism.	c more and more people are acting blacker.	i think the accent, even though it is a dialect, you are talking about is what black people call ebonics.
The never-ending nature of wars on terror, crime, and poverty.	the problem with the war on terror is there will never be an end.	but just because you ca not declare victory does not mean you should not fight it.
Historical wars worth arguing about	as far as i can tell those are the only two wars even worth arguing about.  but please cmw.	maine, michigan, and parts of wisconsin were occupied until the end of the war.
Abortion and Fetal Personhood.	the crux of the argument is whether the fetus is a person.	wade decision, it set the limit at the third trimester, which is near viability but not at viability.
Abortion rights and bodily autonomy in the US.	for example, i saw a post on two x that did not really refute any restrictive abortion policies but just stated the right to bodily autonomy as an argument against them.	in the us, we have rights that are specifically defined, and rights that are not restricted by law.
Religious fundamentalism and rational thinking.	i am referring to someone whose personal religious beliefs are obsessive and interfere with one is ability to think rationally.	to me, these are perfectly rational things and if you were to ask a religious fundamentalist, they would be able to rationalize their thoughts, choices, and actions.
Customizing mobile devices with jailbreaking and theming.	i have been able to make my jailbroken device look more beautiful and customized than i ever have with my phone or have seen on other is android phones.	there are custom launchers and themers out there that can make an android device look just like an iphone, if you want.
Beauty pageants and gender standards.	but hold women at a different standard than men.	men are often held to a standard of having a six pack or  pack.
Parasitic Strategies in Politics and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	for both parties, this largely entails maintaining a government that enough people feel they have a stake in, pandering to the voter, and excepting the monetary influence from lobbyist that is necessary to keep office.
Negative effects of mobile devices and screens on society.	we receive too much bad information through our mobile devices, we are increasingly more obsessed with our screens.	if you wanted to argue that the content of this information and art has declined in quality and meaning as bradbury feared it would , that is a different argument for a different day.
Discussion on Objectivity and Taxpayer's Money	i do not care about the financial aspect on tax payers either.	as long as you share that tax burden with other people who are disgusted by this idea, the financial aspect still matters.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	extremely doubtful, you are benefiting extremely from current policies, and there is no real historic precedent for a global leader like the usa gaining anything from withdrawing completely from the global theater.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	it can create a rift in a family if one uncle or cousin is invited but others arent.
Limitations of Society's Scientific Discoveries and Inventions	and so as a society, we are restricting our discoveries and inventions to the small areas of science and technology that we know about so far, that we think are credible and worthwhile.	could you imagine cutting off the leg muscles of someone to study how far they could walk ? because people have studied that when living in a place free from political and moral backlash.
Inclusion of same-sex marriage and challenges of polygamy.	on what principle would we act to include same sex marriage that would not be unfair towards other types of relationships like same sex throuples or polygamists, etc ?	polygamy has its own unique challenges that do not apply to same sex marriage , that its proponents will need to convince the greater public on, before it can be accepted.
Marriage and Divorce Statistics	you are not even married yet, and you are already looking forward to the divorce !	a woman who does not understand this is not marriage material.
Extended deadline and luck.	why am i lucky that a deadline was extended because of a situation out of my control ?	instead he seems to be asserting that someone who has something they want or got somewhere successful managed to do so by seizing opportunities.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	so, firstly, i am agnostic leaning towards atheist.
Sexual assault concerns for gay and straight men.	a gay man is not different than a straight man.	there is no real advantage to that, and it only serves to alienate/marginalize gay team members or gym customers by making them feel like they are doing something wrong.
Israel's stance on one vs. two state solution.	until israel endorses either a one state solution, or a two state solution, the israel government is, at best, disingenuous.	they already have endorsed a two state solution, i think twice.
The danger of a dog's speed and power.	the only real threat from the dog is the teeth right ?	no, a dog like that has some serious speed, momentum, and power behind it.
Winter Olympic sports accessibility.	most of the sports in the winter olympics are not even an option for most people around the world.	there really is not any winner between the two olympics.
Internet censorship and child safety.	imagine your child browsing the internet, doing research for a project, or just browsing around.	such a control, however, should be the responsibility of the parents to set up, and should not be forced upon everybody in society by the government.
Personal growth and sexual experience.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	i believe it was on of the biggest shocks to my personal views on the world.
Mental health and counseling	i do not see any reason why i should not want this.	normal people will either respect or dispise you, but the real problem is that you can not interact with them in a meaningful way.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	you are making the decision on all these assumptions and pressure from your abusive partner who is saying lies to convince you to do what they want you to do.
Referendum and Voting Rights for UK Residents and EU Citizens.	in my opinion, the referendum should be decided by all uk residents that is, eu citizens living in england, wales, scotland, and northern ireland.	do you think that the uk should get permission to leave from the rest of the eu, should they want to do so ? i do not.
Debating the ability to prove historical setbacks.	you can not prove what and who set anyone back and you ca not have serious discussions where the main premise of the discussion is  what if  and  what would happen .	other than the mounds of historical evidence, there is plenty of contemporary evidence.
Israel's invasion of Gaza.	and the invasion of gaza is unjustified as well as impractical.	how israelis warn civilians: leaflets, phone calls, texts, and dropping duds so they know they are being attacked.
Improvement in quality of life, technology, and crime rate.	the quality of life is increasing, technology is improving, and crime is falling.	not to mention how material wealth is not equally shared among everybody in society.
Gender pay equality.	i seriously believe that men and women probably make a very similar number; a number so similar that there are no grounds for advocating either gender needs more pay.	this is easily remedied with data.
The use of grades as a measure of personality factors.	i understand that grades also can be used to measure certain personality factors conscientiousness, ability to follow instruction, adherence to procedural norms which all debatable might be as important as understanding the material.	classes move through a variety of topics, and it is fair to students that those topics are assessed at the same time as those topics are taught, for the feedback reasons i mentioned above.
Anti-harassment policies at conventions and use of sex appeal.	reliably, cons have been implementing tough anti harassment policies.	if cons are in the business of using sex to sell themselves, it is going to attract people that come for that, and that alone.
The role and consequences of anger.	lastly nothing consequently good can come from anger.	other people can give their view and maybe the angry individual will either learn that his anger is misjudged, or they could stay angry.
Disabling website ads and content payment.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	personally i have adblock with the default settings, so it wo not block every ad.
Personal growth and sexual experiences.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	it helped my process in a way but definitely did not solve my problems, since it did not try, which leads me to my nd point.
Discussion about mainstream music artists and Nicki Minaj's talent.	say all you want about iggy being talentless and mediocre which can be said about most mainstream popular music artists and performers, what can i say ?	for one that looks really bad on snoop is part, and second it makes snoop seem jealous of iggy.
Men and prostitution.	men patronize prostitutes in significant numbers and men are willing to trade things of real value like money in order to get sex.	while it is very easy for a woman to get sex, it is not necessarily going be  good , orgasmic sex, especially not with a new partner.
Clarifying the "not all men are like that" argument.	when someone says  not all men are like that , the correct response is to clarify, or admit to a factual error, and not to accuse the other side of  derailing , or  changing the subject .	if you believe their statement properly interpreted is incorrect, the best response would be to counter it by showing that the problem is severity is overstated, or that it is not as unique to that particular social group as the person thinks, or that the factors that cause this particular problem are different than the social grouping in question and that the social group is a coincidental correlation , or something of that sort.
Limitations of an all-powerful being.	if you have an answer to that question, that same answer could be translated to the universe.	alternatively: i can answer that yes he can create an indestructible wall that he cannot break.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	economy, and china is for example, are just as dependent on weak states as they are on the strong ones.
Rights of criminals and penal system.	yes, you forfeit certain rights when you commit a crime.	by assaulting, robbing, or murdering someone, you are taking away their rights to life, liberty, or the pursuit of happiness.
Economic Benefits of Increasing Population.	explain to me why the average person benefits from an increasing population like many economists say ?	decreasing the world is population is not the only method for improving people is standard of living.
The role of sociopaths in society and leadership.	in order to minimize people is personal moral codes getting in the way of a powerful, efficient society, sociopaths and other people with little to no morals should be encourages to attain positions of power.	there are other power bases that they are forced to content with, and though cynics will claim otherwise, a lot of very powerful people rate ethics pretty highly.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	creativity should properly be viewed as greed, because it supplies marketplace demand.
Nature of human rights and moral constructs.	i believe all rights given to any human are social constructs, produced by society from moral structures determined by a multitude of factors.	natural rights are a usually considered a particular kind of moral right within ethics.
Societal expectations and objectification of women's bodies.	on a certain level, is not everyone selling their body ?	that is the difference, imo.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	you are controlling another person by controlling their ability to basically do anything without your permission.
The framing of the issue of global warming.	so, i think the statements like  global warming is real and we are causing it.	you realise it is not just  activists  but actual scientists, right ? are intended to frame the issue in a non quantitative way, since the numbers are not on climate activists  side.
Abortion and American values.	so, if we take life through abortion, are not we defying everything americans stand for ?	i would submit that fetuses do not meet certain requisite conditions of being a person.
Rules against stereotyping and attacking groups based on beliefs.	rules against attacking groups defined by belief.	if you are debating a topic where an entire group of people agree, especially if the group itself is defined by that belief, it can often make a lot of sense to look at the belief structure rather than the individual is experience.
Nationalism and religion during WWII.	one cant think about wwii the strong nationalism back then can easily be considered as a sort of religion in my opinion without the genocide of the jews, homosexuals and mentally handicapped or anyone who disagreed with them.	that is being completely unfair to religion.
The effectiveness of fire drills.	after all, experience under non life threatening drill situations hardly emulate life or death situations.	it is for this exact reason that adults do not have to do fire drills.
Importance of friendship in romantic relationships.	i also believe couples should also be friends.	either way, shared experiences are what bring people closer together no matter the nature of their relationship.
Basic human needs and Maslow's hierarchy.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	you have to be given access to a resource before you can compete for it.
"Technology's Impact on Job Availability"	the more technology we create the less we are going to need people to do certain jobs.	unemployment is a cyclic issue ie occurs due to the business cycle and each time we reach the peak of the boom we end up beating the previous record for labor shortage.
Athletic Ability in Summer Olympics	sports in the summer olympics take more athletic ability.	they both test athletes in their discipline and provide for exciting entertainment.
Comparison of gymnastics and rock climbing.	yet gymnastics asks one to maneuver their bodies into shapes that the human figure is not meant to form.	if a gymnast is feeling off, it could cause us to be paralyzed.
Treatment of drug addiction as a public health issue.	i think that drug addiction should be treated as a public health issue rather than a criminal problem.	if you have a drug addiction problem, then welfare will only enable your habit.
ISIS taking over Iraq and mocking US on Twitter.	isis, which is more or less the same as al qaeda, is in the process of taking over iraq.	isis is  taking over  areas in the north where they have been dominant for years.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	stuff like that.
Gender roles and slut-shaming.	because the man is doing the work, the idea of the slut is perpetuated by  allowing  males to sleep with them, so in a world where the norm is that men and women put in equal work when courting, there could be no sluts.	perhaps a more suitable phrase for what you are talking about are  traditional gender roles,  in which men are dominate and women are passive.
The concept of desktop user interface.	what is that supposed to be a visual metaphor for, for pete is sake ?	it ws created when people were used to working with papers and folders on their desk, and so the  wouldesktop  ui concept attempts to parallel that.
Segregation in markets and businesses.	markets will react by opening up segregated shops and restaurants.	i disagree to this generalization and feel sorry for anyone that thinks the majority of people on this planet are doomed to be racist if left to their own devices.
Government spending priorities.	i think govt should spend money on their own citizens and improve their quality of life than wars and supporting other countries.	for one thing, the cost of running a military has almost no bearing on the cost of education.
Gender inequality and consumerism.	men are the overwhelming consumers, and women are the overwhelming workers.	that sexist double standard creates a situation where sex is generally conceptualized as something women  give  and something men  get  usually in return for something else.
Inherent cognitive biases and misinterpretation of data.	i cannot be sure that i am not inherently designed in a way that forces me to believe falsehoods and misinterpret experiential data.	at this point, you can be  certain  of what you and your sensors are perceiving.
Separation of Church and State's Impact on Global Dominance.	to us, an abandonment/separation of church and state was the first major move that allowed the west to begin its period of global dominance.	no, this is wrong.
Criticism of Miss America pageant.	but i do not understand why these pageants are accepted and even celebrated.	women are not forced to compete, they sign up to participate.
Debate on the effectiveness and ethics of torture.	the torture can have no lasting major ill effects.	torture will only cause the victim to say anything to stop the torture.
The importance of informed decision-making and avoiding indecision.	as one can make the most informed decision with all information and research that is available, why be rash.	indecisiveness is worse than a bad decision, because in many more circumstances than not, some action is better than no action.
Resistance to change in technology and media consumption.	saying that videos have to maintain the old ways is borderline curmudgeonly.	while it will still have black bars when played horizontally, at least you can zoom in further, because the resolution is not wasted on  irrelevant  details left and right.
The limitations of ethical consumerism in addressing climate change.	whether or not florida is sunk by rising sea levels is not a triviality that should be left to making sure you buy the right soy sauce.	capitalism is a democratic process, you just vote with your wallet instead of a punch card.
Controversy over medical care choices.	some people do not get vaccinated and live long healthy lives and some people do and the same thing happens.	if everybody understood and  accepted  the science there would be no opposition to vaccines.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	with no ultimate universal ethical authority, i believe that a person is only obliged to do whatever pleases him/her not necessarily short tem .	let is assume that i have a very strong desire to execute each and every criminal because i derive pleasure from it.
Gender equality and reproductive rights.	if women are given control over their reproductive system contraception she is able to control the balance of power much more.	so do not practice it ? after recovery, the mother can continue working while the man stays at home with the kids.
ISIS taking over Iraq and mocking US on Twitter.	isis, which is more or less the same as al qaeda, is in the process of taking over iraq.	you should not get your view of current events from isis on twitter.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	missing a negative sign could send a rocket crashing back to earth.
The Emotional Connection of Video Games.	a game can make people cry or at least get emotional as the story progresses.	do you honestly think that literature cannot make people emotional enough to cry ? come on now.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	a  fit  sprinter is one who can run a given distance in a short amount of time, for example.
Balancing punishment for consensual adult actions.	rather than attempting to punish an adult for something that was done consensually.	at the very least that an adult should make a reasonable effort to not sleep with minors.
The limitations of God's abilities and the perspective of organisms.	god is supposedly all knowing, all present, and all powerful yet there are no organisms on earth that display physiological capacities to do the things that god can do.	i mean, it is hella cheating to just say that god has access to the bottom brick of everything.
Cultural influence on dietary and sexual preferences.	i do not think you are primitive and cruel if you eat meat, i think you are a victim of circumstance like everyone else and have that choice made for you by your culture.	straight people are straight not because they chose to, but because they are victims of circumstance like everyone else and have had that choice made for them.
Economy and ongoing wars.	the economy has rebounded from a catastrophic recession with the djia and nasdaq reaching all time highs.	well, he did a great job increasing the stock market and increasing income inequality, but the economy really has not done that amazingly well.
Ease of rapping compared to playing instruments and depth of rap.	as someone who has played different musical instruments and rapped, i think rapping at an elementary level was always much easier than playing an instrument.	but just because you can karaoke purple pills does not mean you are a good rapper.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	the objection is that your personal time and money should not be required for someone else to exercise their right.
Abortion rights and bodily autonomy in the US.	for example, i saw a post on two x that did not really refute any restrictive abortion policies but just stated the right to bodily autonomy as an argument against them.	you ca not talk about abortion without considering the implications on bodily autonomy.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	the data from our retina is just how much each cell is detecting of different frequencies of light, and we turn that into an image in our mind, every instant of every day.
Organic farming and GMOs.	i would be most people who often buy organics are also against gmos, which means that organic farmers have to make environmental compromises in order to satisfy their customers.	they can make a boatload of money and spray organic pesticides at every opportunity if they wish.
Government regulation on family size.	i have never understood how the government can justify legislation on how many people you can legally have in your family.	marriage between multiple people complicates the issue if those people disagree.
Gay dating apps and promiscuity.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	so, when the gay pride/acceptance movement began to take shape in the  is and  is, that was the culture in which it originated one based on sexual promiscuity out of practical necessity.
Escalator etiquette.	my point is that on escalators, polite and considerate people stand on the standing side and pass on the passing side.	people are traveling at low speeds and can quickly move around each other.
Animal Sentience and Consciousness.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	humans and animals both generally avoid that which will kill them.
Gender in Recruitment: Bias and Data	It is reasonable for companies to consider gender when recruiting employees, because there is many quantifiable differences between males and females.	those factors should therefore be absolutely irrelevant as they are an average and not specific to the individual.
Societal impact of a person's death.	but really, what does society lose from the death of that person ?	the criminal is mere existence is counterproductive.
Distracted driving and car safety warnings.	not being able to hear warnings their car is giving them.	why ca not a deaf person make the decision to not converse while driving ? some cars have great sound proofing, and other people like to play loud music.
Efficiency and Resource Usage Limitations.	in general we are becoming more efficient, and using less resources for the same tasks, as time progresses.	this is known as the end of moore is law.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	the modern libertarian does not believe in  protected classes  that you should not be discriminated against for your sex, race, and religion in terms of business transactions.
Homelessness and Nationalism.	homelessness, try being homeless in a country where if you are homeless you have to live through fucking cold high mountain winters.	 of the population homeless, one of the worst in eu, compared with italy.
Benefits of waiting to buy video games.	games do not need to be bought on release.	but it does not negate the fact that  i want to play it now  is a perfectly good reason to buy a new release.
Men's perspective on discussing feminism and equality.	one of my frustrations when trying to discuss feminism or equality is that as a man i feel my ideas or opinions are largely ignored or attacked by women.	just as i do not understand what it is like to be a man.
Controversy over abortion and fetal viability.	i watched a girl i worked with drink and smoke her way to a miscarriage when she had twins and then have an abortion.	this is not an act of stupidity.
Religious beliefs and intolerance.	are these people delusional, unintelligent, or am i intolerant of other beliefs ?	i just ca not see how intelligence and logical reasoning can coexist with religious beliefs.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	to others it isnt.
The meaning of life and enjoying the moment.	enjoying the moment is possible, but does not make life have a point.	you have been awarded a set amount of it.
Public perception of police use of force.	the difference is that police officers wield firearms with the capacity to maim and kill.	this is the whole reason that every officer, regardless of college level training or not, has to go through the police academy.
The never-ending nature of wars on terror, crime, and poverty.	the problem with the war on terror is there will never be an end.	there will always be a  terrorist  because terrorism is an ideology.
Advantages of eidetic memory and recording devices.	after all, people with eidetic memory are allowed to roam the streets.	the biggest difference is that you ca not display your memories on social media sites for everybody to see.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	in reality, the reason that so many first party titles do so well for nintendo, is that in typical japanese fashion, they develop for the japanese audience first and everyone else second.
Privacy and the Ethics of Peeping Tom Behavior	i think about all the porn out there, i know some photos of random girls have to have been from a boyfriend or ex that were uploaded without the girl is permission.	so, if someone breaks into a house and starts rummaging through things, they have violated that person is privacy, but if he leaves the door open, you can stop and peak in and their is no violation ? if i can find a way to see everything in your house, all your personal stuff, but i do not take anything, and you wo not really know about it, is it an invasion of privacy ? you generally respect my privacy because you understand that i might not want people seeing my stuff.
Morality and free will in relation to God.	i will not entertain the idea that morality is relative.	humanity is innately sinful; that is just something that anyone who has a moral compass can attest to.
Linear nature of sport and video games.	in sport, you do not know what is going to happen but in video games, there is a linear way the game will unfold.	i can almost guarantee that without playing some   hours of a fallout game, you are not seeing all of the content.
Evaluation of Economic Policies	his recovery act almost single handedly saved the economy from a depression saving main street, and completing the unpopular tarp bill saved wall street.	obama has had little sway over the budget the past  years except to try and keep it about the same as it has been.
Cost of Professional Sports Entertainment Tickets	if you want sports entertainment you should go pay professional sports entertainment.	the nfl is outside of most people is budgets.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	you are probably right, there.
Online bullying and negativity towards celebrities.	tldr: people should not shit on other people for no reason; even if the person you are shitting on is undeserving of fame, does not have talent, or whatever, there is still not a good reason to shit on someone.	you obviously do not know that much about the rap game.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	so really, is someone wearing less revealing clothing to blame for being raped ?.
Advantages of not having children and family business.	not having child is objectively a great decision, economically, time wise, etc.	if you are not spending the money on children, you are probably spending it on consuming entertainment or other things that add no value to the world.
Religion's role in governing and the "dark ages".	therefore, the muslim world will never see the abandonment of religion in everyday governing life as a useful long term solution.	the era of nation states has only yielded constant turnover and turmoil for them.
The separation of church and state in the West.	to us, an abandonment/separation of church and state was the first major move that allowed the west to begin its period of global dominance.	this was also supported by much of the public, because those ideals were actually engrained into the society still.
Casualties in the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict.	by simply looking at the numbers of casualties on both sides, the casualties on the side of the palistinians massively outnumber the ones on the isrealian side.	while any civilian death is a horrible tragedy, the amount of casualties in gaza does not affect overall population size or even begin to threaten its existence, unlike in the example of rwanda.
Toxicity in Gaming Community.	even i have recieved some hate messages for disagreeing with them.	if they are serious about death threats, quietly report them to the fbi and let them get arrested.
Beliefs about sex with transgender individuals.	there exists a very real, and i would argue dominating, belief amongst the populace that having sex with a transgender man or woman is not the same as having sex with a  born  man or woman.	he was willing to kiss and receive a blowjob.
The importance of policy and politics.	neither of these reasons have dick to do with policy.	first off, you are always impacted by policy and politics.
One state solution and its impact on Israel's future.	in the one state solution, palestinians, would have a  right to vote  on israeli policies.	the problem is that this wo not fix anything.
Quality of life versus quantity of life.	but i would personally choose a happier, shorter life over a less happy, longer life.	say we detect an asteroid/comet on collision course with earth.
The rationality of betting on God's existence.	betting on there being a god is the smart decision because there might be a pay off, while atheism has no reward.	do you see how ridiculous this is  as a reason to accept the belief  ? you are not really believing in something just because you say you think it is the more profitable choice.
Polyamory and the selfishness of true love.	the argument was that polyamory, where love is shared, could not be real because true love is selfish.	we have all been trying too by going with our personal experiences, which is literally all anyone has, that you just keep dismissing or arguing against by trying to prove that we are lying.
Misconceptions about feminism and equality.	the only argument i hear when i mention my views on this, is that feminism has evolved into what i would like in a equal rights movement.	i believe that men and women should have equal rights but i am not a feminist, i would like the rights for both of the sexes were advocated and not simply women is.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	it may be  less  prevalent, but a more physically based rather than electronically based identity thief could easily circumnavigate this.
Limitations of scientific evidence and research studies.	anything not backed by scientific evidence or at least deemed possible or credible is ridiculed.	i know it is cliche, but, seriously, take a look at nazi germany, josef mengele, and some of the torturous experiments him and others attempted.
Coursework procrastination and monitoring.	some students see the deadline of the coursework and decide to start doing the coursework on that day.	there will be a few who will fail no matter how many extensions you give them, and that is sad but some people are not prepared for college.
Voting for a candidate based on personal preference.	i want to vote for someone who i would actually want to hold that office.	he just does not want a politician who has been   lying the whole time or get bought out later.
Possessiveness in relationships.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	that is the secret.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	political office is difficult to define in such a way, because different people have different ideas of what the remit of the office is, and also the relationship between the electorate and the elected.
The importance of secrets and thoughts in people's lives.	i personally have sworn off secrets in my life, but i know many people do not want to.	i do not understand why our thoughts are private if our actions are not.
Rights of criminals and penal system.	yes, you forfeit certain rights when you commit a crime.	it does not give them the right to take away fundamental aspects of your life as a human.
Intolerance and Tolerance in Europe.	europeans act so fucking surprised when a kid grows up and believes the same thing his parents did back in the old country, as if people magically absorb ideas.	in the course of creating modern nation states, europe developed a culture of savagery and a technology of violence which enabled it to conquer the world, and as it conquered the world it attempted to impose nation state systems wherever it went, also artificial and violent.
The impact of creating separate museums on American unity.	creating a separate museum just intensifies feelings of separateness.	tl;dr: politics aside, the nature of the history itself might warrant a separate museum.
Economy and ongoing wars.	the economy has rebounded from a catastrophic recession with the djia and nasdaq reaching all time highs.	which is wonderful, but obama was not really at the forefront.
Animal overpopulation and euthanasia.	poverty, hunger, and starvation are not problems reserved strictly for third world countries.	how many pounds of food does it take per lb of cat or dog meat ? food is not free just because there are  currently  strays.
Comparison of Deism and Atheism.	but why is deism more reasonable than atheism, you may be asking.	it is not extreme or absolute.
Sexual desire and gender differences.	but, in general i believe that men at large are more desiring of sex.	i think this is cultural.
The Benefits and Limitations of Cruises	i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, you should go on a cruise.	you can stay in a destination longer, for cheaper, and with better accommodations.
Monogamy and ethical considerations in relationships.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	it is subjective  to the people in the relationship.
Comparison of different academic subjects in the UK.	in the uk those who take media are often said to be doing a  soft  subject.	media studies seems to focus on the general topic of mass communication and is a multi disciplinary field that covering the means, purpose, efficacy, philosophy, and message of media.
Wasteful consumerism and benefits of investing in quality equipment.	imo these people are wasting their money, and exemplary of wasteful consumerism.	also, it might be worth more to invest in a better piece of equipment up front that you might not use the features on now, but might find use for later.
Misunderstandings about the meaning of equality.	anyways in trying to understand why these discussions so often breakdown i came to the conclusion that what one person considers equal another does not.	what do you mean by protected ? if equal rights were the norm, we would not need protection.
Storage of Information by Search Engines	thirdly, all information no matter how irrelevant or relevant should be stored by search engines.	what if i pull your calls from it and make a compilation of derekodwam is phone sex sessions with his wife and put it online.
Men's redundancy in reproduction.	furthermore, reproductively, almost every man on earth has become redundant.	we are not a pride of lions.
Freedom of thought and expression.	no doubt, the less hatred, the better. but using abusive ways to reach this goal is wrong.	the problem of hatred, superiority or ignorance variability within trends is best and fairest solved by education.
The importance of policy and politics.	neither of these reasons have dick to do with policy.	regardless of your age.
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	why was she dressed that way ? why was she dancing so provocatively ? maybe she is there for the same reason everyone else is there ? to have fun and enjoy themselves in a social yet safe environment.
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	we as a society have agreed that people are in charge of their actions and that rapists are not mindless individuals who simply react to stimuli.
Mandatory helmet use for cyclists.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	while the importance of helmets are massively exaggerated, i might be willing to agree here and only here.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	in the context of consumerism, greed is what drives decisions of demand that are not necessary to support basic necessities.
The mindset that violence is always wrong.	i do not mean people who think violence should be a last resort, because that is pretty much everyone.	have you ever wondered why individuals consider violence the last resort ? it has nothing to do with them lacking the strength to defend themselves, it is possessing the principles that restrict them from harming/ending another human life.
Racism and Slurs.	i am not saying asians have a conscious plan to manufacture new slurs.	there are plenty of people who hate asians quite a bit, unfortunately.
Debate on the Benefits of Reading Books.	a typical argument would be how much more engaging a book is because you are using your imagination to form scenes and develop characters, but i think readers generally take that concept to a level that simply does not exist.	my main reason though why i read is that it is that i really get dragged into a story.
Criticism of computer-edited music genres.	also, the computer fixed vocals and edited instruments just does not make these people any more like able.	because you are making sweeping generalizations about genres with no real information to back up your claims.
Minimum wage and its impact on businesses.	furthermore, our businesses will be the most affected by the increase of the mw.	i would much rather that companies like walmart and mcdonald is be forced to pay their own employees, not the us taxpayers.
The effects of mustard gas in warfare.	assume that mustard gas is only used on the battlefield and does not spread to other areas such as civilian areas.	plus symptoms are often not immediate, taking up to  hours, but it sticks to skin and clothes.
Hospital Checkups and Physicals	I think regular hospital checkups are a consumption trap.	why yes, i go for a physical once a year.
Racial profiling and discrimination by police.	but if the same policeman finds a black kid with facial tattoos, a thick accent and pants around his knees we see that kid go to jail.	if you go door to door soliciting, many people wo not open the door because they will be freaked out.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	i will grant that the term  cult  is ill defined and often misappropriated, but you wo not find a cathedral full of american catholics willing to shoot up congressman is plane or commit mass suicide because a comet passes by.
The value of existence and suffering.	if you do not exist as a living being, you cannot feel suffering.	in fact, the only reason suffering is suffering is because it is compared to pleasure.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	but the memory of that day lasts forever.
Negative attitudes towards feminism outside of subreddit.	there are no jokes about feminism or women is rights, which are actually quite frequent outside of the subreddit.	there are a lot of phony liberals out there who playing the feminist cheerleader is their sworn duty no matter how outrageous their demands or expectations  or lastly, it happens and feminists get pissed and try to force it back to the old way where only men have to sign up for the draft, and everyone finally sees just how much for  equality  feminists truly are.
Superficiality and importance of appearance.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	i think that will ultimately mean more people find better matches, and overall more people ending up in healthier, more fulfilling relationships.
Kant's universal law formulation and consequentialism.	an appraisal of whether something ought to be a universal law seems to be consequentialist to me.	for kant, maxims are to human behavior like theorems are to mathematics.
Job market and wages in China.	the competition is extremely high for all kinds of jobs hence why salaries are pressed down, especially for entry level positions.	once everyone has as one or two cars or whatever their desire/need , who is going to buy another car ? it also makes your skills more valuable.
Impact of British colonization on India and global connectivity.	in countries like india, the very form of government, transportation system, schooling system, and many other indirect influence have their roots in british colonization.	the world would not be nearly as connected as it would be with imperialism.
The Complexity of Racism.	racism stems from negative stereotypes that are trumped up and oppress a people in a certain group.	it is racist because of that watering down and stereotyping of all natives into a single hodge podge of random crap to ostensibly  celebrate  their culture.
Grandfather Paradoxes and Time Travel.	logical grandfather paradoxes were made up for drama and to relate people to the story.	then that iteration of you tries , sees that it does not work, goes back in time, and tells yourself to try another instead.
Perception of police by law-abiding citizens.	for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	i have never been arrested and have not had a speeding ticket in over a decade.
Opinions on Porsche cars.	a porsche is also a lot more fun to drive.	take a porsche offroad one time for me, tell me how it goes.
Criticism of blaming whites for problems in Detroit.	i am treated like a kkk member when i criticize black people.	so maybe these  bad black people  are actually the effect, not the cause.
Internet and Social Networking Usage.	or users would just stop using social networking as much.	no other competitor gives me access to all my fb friends.
Debate on abortion and rights of the fetus.	which should not be valid because youre killing another body. which should have rights.	what if it is in self defense ? the bodily autonomy argument need not deny that a fetus is a person who has rights, it questions whether those rights extend to using another person is body.
Gender identity and expression.	see, i have a gay friend who has many  feminine  traits, talks very much like a woman, his mannerisms, his tastes, etc.	once i can start presenting as female and have the correct estrogen levels, i will still have all of my same interests, and i would like to be treated the same socially, but i will hopefully have a body that i am comfortable with.
Individual rights and justice.	i do not see how one of group of humans has the right to restrict another human is movement and intimately control their life.	it is easy to ignore the past when you do not care about the criminal or the victim, but the past matters, and people want revenge that is sometimes justified, sometimes not.
Political stance on healthcare access restrictions.	conservatives wish to restrict my fellow americans  ability to access healthcare.	i mean its easy to blame that fucker nixon for everything, but he ca not do shit without congress.
The joy of getting married in a simple way.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	if you invite one friend and not another, the ones left out will feel very hurt.
The importance of storing all information by search engines.	thirdly, all information no matter how irrelevant or relevant should be stored by search engines.	all information is in the public interest to create a archive, just like a library tries to accumulate as many books as possible no matter how ridiculous the books may be for example willy the sperm :d.
Financial Responsibility and Choice of Spending.	i am forced to pay at least partially for all of these things and offered no way to choose where my money goes.	the only really viable method to get said money is taxes.
Existential crisis and beliefs about afterlife.	i genuinely wish i had never been born.	also, there may yet be an afterlife, even without a god although like arthur c clarke is third law URL a god or gods may simply be sufficiently advanced persons.
Voluntaryism and Tax Exempt Status of Religious Organizations.	the only exception i have thought of is the tax exempt status of religious organizations.	however, they could just be covered by the same laws as non profits without requiring their own special tax code.
Benefits of paying off small debts.	paying off a small debt instantly  adds  to your emergency fund.	sure your next bill will say you owe $, instead of $,, but nothing has changed in your monthly expenses psychologically it feels like wasted money.
The nature of gods and their evolution over time.	gods are just humans who have had a good million or so years to evolve.	gods are well established as being creators of humans, not humans themselves.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	i take issue with this statement.
The relationship between crime and social issues.	i think we should take the view that crime is a signal of distress.	does this apply to white collar crimes or state crimes ? people throughout history who have commit the most abhorrent crimes did so with power, wealth and with complete sound of mind.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	and i know her hangouts, these are not the places you would want to be seen come daylight.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	you seem like you are painting the stereotype of the  year old guy living in his mother is basement and applying that to everyone that claims to be a  gamer.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	why do you think that might be ? pain should be avoided at all costs.
Belief in God and personal stance on religion.	i mean god as a supreme being/entity who is all knowing, all powerful, and created the universe.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ? where is heaven and hell ? if you say he still lives in the universe, how does matter/energy following conventional laws of physics interact with something following different laws of physics ? this is quite a few questions, so:   if we are viewing our universe as a computer program that god is writing or otherwise interacting in, then it is clear that he exists outside our universe, inputting commands to make it work the way he wants it to when something goes out of bounds.
Gender equality in accountability for actions while intoxicated.	, if a man is held responsible for his actions while intoxicated should not a woman be as well.	it is not fair and i do not agree with it.
Ray Rice's suspension from the NFL.	so i heard an interesting opinion about the ray rice situation, so he assaulted his fiance, and when the video of that got leaked, public outrage caused him to be suspended from the nfl permanently.	domestic violence is every bit as much a psychological assault as it is physical because it attacks not only the body, but the victims perceptions of reality.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	you can quickly shove a book in your backpack if you are in a rush which you will always be because college.
Controversy surrounding the American flag and its history.	but i kind of consider the confederate flag to be like the nazi flag.	you ca not always assume the worst out of the people who fly the confederate flag, and while i think people should not fly it, it is important to understand southern culture and empathize with people who choose to fly it anyway.
Benefits of colonization.	of course, i am speaking of only the good things about colonization.	imperialist colonization wrecked an entire continent, africa.
The fallacy of sound reasoning in suicide.	in my example, the depressed person is reasoning appears perfectly sound so i do not see why he should not commit suicide.	you will have to be on medication and in and out of therapy for the rest of your life just to be able to function.
Taxation and Wealth Distribution.	if you do not pay federal income tax your either a criminal or poor.	what if i paid income tax once but never again ? can i still vote ? do you have to have paid tax the year that you vote ? we will need to pay for the infrastructure to connect the irs records to the fec; and have that be updated annually.
Cultural exchange and understanding.	lets start educating each other about our different viewpoints and cultures.	i agree in theory that we need to consider the consequences of our actions, and not make enemies needlessly, but we live in a dangerous world.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	if he counted them up as he ought to, he would see that every lot has enough happiness provided for it.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	peanuts helped to cement the four panel newspaper daily strip.
Spoilers and disinterest in a TV show.	if you do not care about the show, why get all uppity if you now know the ending ?	and some shows like lost or true detective pretty much rely mystery and suspense to tell the story.
Drug classification and continuum.	i would not take or recommend that anyone take heroin or meth.	that being said, i do not think there is a clear dichotomy between hard and soft, more of a continuum, with some drugs being  harder  or  softer  than others.
Critique of the privilege/oppression dichotomy.	however, as a tool for understanding the basis of these social phenomena, the privilege/oppression dichotomy is not that useful.	yes, there is a notion of privilege and oppression, but you seem to only be grasping the very basic idea behind it, and you are arguing against that.
Importance of friendship in romantic relationships.	i also believe couples should also be friends.	you may note that the things i listed above could be applied to friendships, too.
Experience of reading and editing on a computer.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	i find a full keyboard and fully functional mouse to be essential when typing anything.
Debate on the feasibility of ancap utopia.	the only difference between the ancap utopia and our own world is that, in the ancap society, everyone nearly homogeneously believes in ancap principles, asides from a few troublemakers.	i do not completely agree here.
Religious justifications for violence in literature.	what other fashion can you justify genocide, bigotry and forced conversion other than proclaiming that your message is about peace and love ?	that has nothing to say about christ and everything to say about the so called believer.
Gender pay gap.	i have seen a million studies that show women make less.	and i have seen a million studies that show everyone makes about the same.
Nazism and its impact on common people.	we don't have to have zero tolerance for nazis, there were a lot of moderate nazis.	and that all others must be expunged or eradicated.
The role of sociopaths in society and leadership.	in order to minimize people is personal moral codes getting in the way of a powerful, efficient society, sociopaths and other people with little to no morals should be encourages to attain positions of power.	this is not a stable state of affairs even inside countries.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	it is nothing more than a choice someone makes, and a part of who they decide to be.
Causes of crime in society.	i would claim that all crime stems from societal, cultural or personal problems.	as you mention many factors come in to play when they re enter society and deter them from being law abiding citizens such as economic, biological and environmental factors.
Abortion and Carelessness.	but lets be honest, there are not even close to a majority of rape and birth defect screeners getting abortions.	when that happens, some choose to keep the child, some want an abortion right away because they do not want kids, and some of them even want to keep the child but ca not.
Justification for a preemptive strike.	the attacker could just be waiting to recoup and attack again, especially as vengeance for being bested.	victim had a lucky first strike and assailant plays possum: in this case, the victim has abandoned his relative safety by continuing the fight.
The negative effects of redefining marriage.	when we last redefined marriage with no fault divorce, divorce rates skyrocketed and a number of problems worsened.	redefining marriage again further weakens marriage and sends a dangerous message.
Discounted prices on Steam games.	with steam and game bundles, games are often discounted to a fraction of their ordinary price.	but it does not negate the fact that  i want to play it now  is a perfectly good reason to buy a new release.
Sleeping arrangements after a fight in a heterosexual couple.	let is assume a heterosexual couple gets into a fight because of a mistake the husband made.	sometimes you just have to  man up  and do things like this, regardless of whether it is  right  or  wrong.
Methods of killing and their effects.	all of these methods of killing result in long and painful deaths.	in all but the light contact, mustard gas is a long and painful recovery, or a painful death.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	you will see a lot of overlap.
Automation and the Role of the State in Robot Ownership	eventually, all the jobs will theoretically be gone, then all of the robots need to be owned by the state, otherwise the majority of the populace become nothing more than the property of those that own the robots.	once a substantial portion of the population are unable to find a job, then we need a universal minimum wage, with people having the ability to earn extra if they can find a job.
Misconceptions about Bitcoin's use in drug trafficking.	one of the biggest users of bitcoin was silk road, the drug trafficking organization in the us.	it is pseudo anonymous, so if a criminal messes up and is found to contain a wallet with criminal coins  years from now.
Fear of Death.	after years of reflection i came to the conclusion that everyone who fears death is either ignorant or weak, because there is nothing to gain by this.	you cannot escape death forever, but you can try to escape it for a bit longer.
Morality and belief in God.	without a god there is no reason not rape and murder.	if thing are good because god does them then you are correct in your post.
Advantages of Triangular Sandwich Slices.	the triangular slice is always superior to the rectangular slice.	the smaller tapered edges of a triangle would cause these pieces to fall out or than a rectangular slice.
Barriers to communication for the deaf community.	the use of a sign language is central to deaf cultural identity.	some members of deaf communities may also oppose technological innovations like cochlear implants for the same reason.
Criticism of Environmental Hypocrisy in Private Jet Use	i have never heard these guys advocate the ban of private jets.	since when is giving up private jets and yachts a  vow of poverty  ? all we are asking is that they put themselves in our shoes before advocating policies that will not affect them; they can maintain their lifestyle despite the cost of energy.
Privacy and Online Sharing of Childhood Memories.	today is adults grew up without their every  adorable  embarrassing moment being stored online for posterity.	so what else are you doing to do ?  oh better back them pictures up on my computer so i do not lose them in case my camera, memory card, phone breaks  but then what ? how do you share that with the people you care about ?  oh hey  random name of a random friend  want to sit down and look at my photo album on the computer while i either lean over your shoulder, or you lean over mine, because this computer is designed for one person only sorry lol ?   or do you share them ? just the meaningful, harmless pictures online so the people you care about see them ? how else are you supposed to do so in this day and age ? %bringit.
Economics and Leftism.	leftist culture demonizes capitalism, which is the mechanism by which one attains material security in our society.	by most measures we have equally favourable outcomes, if not better.
International policing and American perspective.	why not let the rest of the world police itself for a change ?	why not ? basically the point is political situations across the world are not standalone.
Leadership and National Priorities.	to be successful at this, a government needs to keep a focus on the nation first, then the people, and only then any other nations or peoples.	there are other power bases that they are forced to content with, and though cynics will claim otherwise, a lot of very powerful people rate ethics pretty highly.
Regretting tattoos obtained at a retreat.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	tattoos can embody the same thing, with thoughts or experiences.
Criticism of religion's role in causing problems in the world.	when i say that religion in general and islamic in specific causes a lot of problems in today is world, i am seen as a bigot and an islamophobe.	we have to learn that ideology can cause common people to do awful things.
Skepticism about common ancestry and evolution.	i do not believe; however, that humans are direct descendents of any species, and i do not believe that birds and dogs for example had any common ancestor.	even with the idea of punctuated equilibrium, they are small changes that occur more rapidly than usual.
Summary of "The Giving Tree" by Shel Silverstein	for those unfamiliar, a tree most likely signifying parents provides a boy with anything he needs until he takes everything the tree can give leaving only the stump.	? the boy is absent when he does not want things and openly complains about what the tree offers.
Pros and Cons of Having Children.	not having child is objectively a great decision, economically, time wise, etc.	having a child will also often drive a person to better themselves, and work harder at improving their community.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	if a dev makes a wii/wiiu game, the ball is in nintendo is court on that issue, but they know that their brands are so strong they do not need third party support.
Online dating and shopping similarities.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	we already  shop  for mates in the  real world , it is called  going on dates.
Questioning personal choices and safety.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	this is not like wearing a helmet or looking both ways before you cross the street.
Encouraging self-improvement and authenticity in learning.	there are no difficult subjects to learn.	there are definitely some people people who find math and science difficult and onerous.
Gender equality in accountability for actions while intoxicated.	, if a man is held responsible for his actions while intoxicated should not a woman be as well.	it does not matter if you are male or female, if you are driving drunk it is a crime and you will be charged.
Balancing punishment for consensual adult actions.	rather than attempting to punish an adult for something that was done consensually.	but in the end, you have got to strike a balance somewhere.
Opinions on homosexuality.	homosexuality: a much less arguable point, i believe.	it should be a non issue, in my opinion.
Lack of Restrictions for Bicyclists on Public Roads.	if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	why do not bicyclists have these same restrictions and obligations to use those same roads ? because a normal car driving at normal speeds can cause a lot more damage than a normal bike being ridden at its normal speed.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	sharing a last name in no way indicates a stronger family bond.
Online opinions and downvotes.	no one wants to get anonymously slapped for an opinion; no matter the opinion.	similarly, posting the reason for downvoting a popular comment can get one slapped.
The quality of comics.	the comic is comedy or sentimental value is also objectively low.	you are giving your subjective opinion on the comic, not making any kind of empirical objective determination.
Charitable giving and responsibility to family.	if i gave to everyone who deserved it, i would go broke.	if your friends and family have the means to support themselves, then should not they minimize the amount they take from you ? i think most people would, but you do not have to give money to every single person who deserves it, but rather to whatever charities you support over others.
Winter Olympic sports accessibility.	most of the sports in the winter olympics are not even an option for most people around the world.	these are examples of imo very non boring sports that have stood the  test of time  as in, have been in the olympics for about a century.
Compensation for prisoner labor.	people, even prisoners should not be exploited for free labor.	they often get something more entertaining to do than the alternative, are often paid in money they can use although, paid very much below minimum wage , can possibly learn valuable skills or at least develop some sense of work ethic, and i would imagine it contributes towards parole/early parole chances.
China's rise to global superpower despite oppression and censorship.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	i have high hopes for the future because people is moral beliefs have improved over time: slavery is no longer accepted, many parts of the world reject sexism, racism, ageism, and so on; children are beaten less and less at home and not at all at school ; and the free exchange of ideas on the internet has brought us all together.
Sex education in schools.	the point of class is to teach how to avoid getting knocked up, avoid stds and learn what happens during puberty.	tl;dr your problem is that you are equating certain sexual acts as belonging wholly in the realm of  gay  or  straight.
Wasteful consumerism and benefits of investing in quality equipment.	imo these people are wasting their money, and exemplary of wasteful consumerism.	however many times spending a little more money on a bit nicer piece of equipment gives you a higher quality, more flexible piece of equipment and offers the possibility of actually utilizing those features down the road since they are readily available.
Dieting and Exercise vs. Regulating Caloric Intake	i do not care about being right i care about losing weight, and i never wanna do yoga again !	most of the time we shove food in our stomach and do not start really digesting until we are full.
Importance of Applied Math Education in Early Grades.	sure, many careers need higher math but that can wait until college.	many people do not take math in college, and it is hard to know what you will end up having to know for a job.
War and soldiers' actions.	if he would fought for the union, the war would have been over much sooner.	it is not a crime for soldiers to kill enemy soldiers on the battlefield.
The importance of a stable household for a child's success.	in order for a child to be sucessful, he/she needs to be raised in a stable household economically, socially, and emotionally.	parts of my childhood were kinda shitty because of my parents divorce when i was in elementary school, but i have a pretty good job now at one of the biggest tech companies in the world, i am married, have a house, a car, a dog, etc.
Unpleasant tasks in nursing.	someone who is willing to shave your butthole is someone you can depend on for anything.	if you are having asshole surgery that nurse is going to shave your ass.
Gender roles and stereotypes in sexual behavior.	i really want to start thinking that men could also be considered a whore and that a woman can be a player.	i believe that the problem is the way that you are viewing sex.
Social anxiety and difficulty with romantic relationships.	i had no courage to even talk to a girl i had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.	nobody thinks the  year old hanging out at the college night club hitting on drunk girls is cool.
Experience of reading and editing on a computer.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	while there might be tablet versions of these, none match the power or precision available to a pc.
Spoilers and disinterest in a TV show.	if you do not care about the show, why get all uppity if you now know the ending ?	not to mention some people might just not be as good as recognizing these things as you, and you should respect that.
Love as a social construct and primal instincts.	true, but maybe that is because love itself is a social construct ?	you say that love is a social construct, yet you are the one arguing for  traditional love.
Automation of cars and profitability of ebooks.	to be fully effective, all cars on main roads would have to be automated.	to me this seems as silly as saying  in order for ebooks to make a profit, all books would need to be digital.
Disabling website ads and content payment.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	maybe the best model are ads, as the amount of users is so high, that it does not matter that many of the users are using adblock.
Misunderstanding of Peer Review	because of this, we waste millions chasing after results a simple bit of peer review could have definitively ruled out for a fraction of the cost.	this will require a cultural shift on the part of not just scientists, but universities, corporations, and even congress itself.
Criticism of Far-Right Ideology.	i have come to believe that the far right embodies everything that is disgusting in human beings.	i believe this kind of thinking is a sickness that needs to be purged.
Discussing interpretations in literature and its relevance to education.	i get that for many people, discussing interpretations is a way of enhancing their reading experience, but what does that have to do with my education ?	everybody has vastly different life experiences, those experiences create our world view, which in turn inform our opinions and biases.
Psychiatric diagnosis and lack of understanding of biology.	the time and effort the psychiatric institution has put in the diagnosis is less than the time and effort i myself put in as far as i can tell.	in this sense i agree, and you might look at all diagnoses as self diagnoses, if you believe the diagnosis and go along with the treatment plan.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	imagine for a second that there is an eternal afterlife.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	occasionally scientists like isaac newton decide to attempt it but none have succeeded either way.
Batman's refusal to kill villains and its consequences.	throughout the history of batman, the hero has refused to kill the villain and instead has him institutionalized or put in jail, from which the villain the joker, scarecrow, etc.	he does what he does because he feels obligated to, first in a crusade of revenge for his parents, then because he knows that the people need him, that without him, gotham and all the innocent people within it would be destroyed, enslaved, or worse.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	some examples of what gay marriage opponents are wont to say URL   any situation which institutionalizes the circumvention of the purpose of the sexual act violates natural law and the objective norm of morality.
Utilitarianism and Animal Suffering.	all mammals can feel pain, and coming from a utilitarian viewpoint, any suffering is bad if the pros do not outweigh the cons.	there are many  natural  deaths that i assume are more painful: disease, gradual starvation, being ripped apart by predators that will kill you much more slowly, etc.
Investing in a country's development and India's space program.	spend billions on improving a country is living standards, education, etc.	take india, which recently launched onto mars.
Capitalism vs. Communism	we are capitalist by nature, thus communism is impossible.	while i am not the biggest communism proponent, i do not think it clashes with human nature, because i do not think human nature exists.
Race and Libertarianism.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	as long as business owners do not violate nap, then they as individuals can be racist all they want, but the key is it is not institutionalized like we have seen and continue to see repeatedly by nation states.
Limitations of scientific evidence and research studies.	anything not backed by scientific evidence or at least deemed possible or credible is ridiculed.	you speak of adopting a neutral perspective, yet.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	look at all the attention lance armstrong got for testicular cancer.
Requirements for driving and biking on public roads.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	bicycles are also much less dangerous to others should the cyclist lose control of their bicycle.
Issues Faced by Other Alien Species.	war, more and more dangerous weapons, corporate greed, government corruption, global warming, mass extinction, these are all issues that other alien species would likely encounter.	a global warming triggered mass extinction event would take place over a pretty long time scale thousands of years or more; correct me if you have real estimates for this while technology has been accelerating exponentially yes, i know it ca not do this forever, but even in  years we should be much closer to solving this problem.
The misuse of the word "literally".	the wrong or new definition of literally i am referring to is the opposite;  metaphorically, or figuratively.	this is not a new evolution either, using literally as a form of hyperbole goes back a long time.
The profitability of esports.	think about how cringe worthy that sounds if you did not have any interest in the game.	for example, the dota  championship paid out  million of  million dollars to it is winning team, as a salary that is excess of a million dollars a player.
Tattoo display preferences.	and a lot of times, people proudly display their tattoos.	i do not show them off to people.
Behavioral expectations in public settings.	but when i am in the office, or on the street, or in a store, or around a stranger that i do not know i will act with decorum and respect because that is what civilized adult human beings do.	secondly, why do you think it disrespectful to say what you want, when and where you want to do so ? are you equating disrespect with offensiveness ? is not it  more  disrespectful to try to force complete strangers to conform to your standard of etiquette ?.
Sexual orientation and dating preferences.	if you happen to go more for women than men, that would still render you bi.	what, to you, would someone URL with xy chromosomes, internal testes, female external genitalia, and a female body shape be ? looking at the rest of the paragraph, i am not sure you know what intersex actually means.
Psychiatric diagnosis and lack of understanding of biology.	the time and effort the psychiatric institution has put in the diagnosis is less than the time and effort i myself put in as far as i can tell.	now, a well educated patient can keep up with or even surpass a doctor in terms of knowledge about a specific illness.
Political stance on healthcare access restrictions.	conservatives wish to restrict my fellow americans  ability to access healthcare.	economic arguments are not the same as restricting.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	most people are not home / if you are, i feel bad for you , and so all it would take is an identity thief who, by this point, has already dug through your trash to get information to stop by after the ups man delivers the package, and you are never the wiser.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	some of the other reasons though such as region locking, obsoletion like old gameboy games on emulators , or drm to the point where the legal copy is barely usable simcity for example are more legitimate reasons.
The effectiveness of self-preservation in conflicts.	i think that self preservation of one is life will trump all of these reasons.	instead of punching, say a crowbar to the head resulting in a knockout.
Backing up a vehicle.	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	and it is when i am backing  out  that i have to turn my entire head around and go super slow to make sure everything is clear.
Parasitic Strategies in Politics and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	the wealthy profit much more from exploiting and ignoring the interests of people outside this country, people in this country need to be able to buy shit to make the rich richer.
The limitations of declaring oneself an ally.	in essence, declaring yourself to be an ally outsources your moral reasoning to the group with which you have allied, and i cannot imagine any reason to do that.	i ca not be lgbt.
Visual appeal of text posts on Reddit.	a text post, on the other hand, just looks like reddit.	no, but there is a somewhat wider gap between  on reddit conducting research , or even  on reddit representing your company , and  on reddit reading about anal sex.
Social anxiety and difficulty with romantic relationships.	i had no courage to even talk to a girl i had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.	hell i would argue it is especially limiting, since the primary drive and focus of those communities is basically sexual conquest.
The limitations of ethical consumerism in addressing climate change.	whether or not florida is sunk by rising sea levels is not a triviality that should be left to making sure you buy the right soy sauce.	just like using public transportation, or walking, or riding a bike needs to be a conscious choice instead of driving your car everywhere, so does participating in the market and buying products that are created in a way you condone.
Debate on the Harmlessness of Santa Claus	santa is harmless and all those claiming that the idea that he is harmful are being oversensitive.	cool ? so, here is what my parents did for me re: the realness of santa.
Tattoos and societal norms.	if you placing tattoos in that area, you are sending a message to society, whether you intend to or not.	no matter what your appearance is you are also sending a message to society.
Men's rights to opt out of child support.	men should be able to opt out of supporting a child.	moreover, it can be potentially harmful to both the mother and child to manipulate a woman out of having a baby.
Inaccuracies in the Gregorian calendar.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	this calendar is called the hanke henry permanent calendar.
Galileo's scientific contributions and societal limitations.	what if galileo had only studied what was politically correct ?	, and what is great about the scientific method is it completely allows for paradigm shifts as new data comes in unlike a rigid, unchanging system of dogma like galileo was up against.
Pronunciation and Nationalism.	i am aware i am in a particular country that speaks english a certain way, but to completely discount alternate and, in many cases, the original pronunciation as  wrong  seems nationalistic at best and conceited at worst.	neither is older, neither is more legitimate.
Humanity's worthiness of a savior.	i do not think humanity really deserves a savior, especially at the cost of innocent life.	the two main groups of tribalistic people you meet hunt you down to know ends to either rob you or cannibalize you.
Economics and Leftism.	leftist culture demonizes capitalism, which is the mechanism by which one attains material security in our society.	i definitely do not see how the  right  nor  left  loves capitalism more than helping out their biggest donors.
The insignificance of one's actions over time.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	no one remembers and no one cares that everyone forgot.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	and a neural implant which improved our mathematical processing by  times would literally just make maths easier and not affect us in any other way ? most info we process we do in a mathematical way.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	but you can give it your own meaning.
Debate on American apathy towards soccer.	the constant stream of debate on the positives/negatives of association football as a sport have been the biggest driver behind american is apathy towards the sport.	and probably the highly entrenched nfl, mlb and nba competing for attention and dollars is a problem.
Far-right extremism and its definition.	i believe fascist neo nazi groups, the kkk, the golden dawn or any religious extremist group like radical islamism all fall under the far right.	if you live in a society that values exchange of ideas, then you should know some skeptical principles.
Concerns about excessive sugary drink consumption in food establishments.	every restaurant, corner store, bar, cafe, hotel etc seems to have  making a profit  as their secondary aim.	their primary agenda is for their patrons to consume as much sugary liquid as they can possibly make them before they keel over in diabetic agony.
Arguing about religion and God.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	for others, arguing about religion and god is not a waste of time.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	anyone can get the right answer on a multiple choice test given enough thought and understanding of the subject matter.
Nationalism and religion during WWII.	one cant think about wwii the strong nationalism back then can easily be considered as a sort of religion in my opinion without the genocide of the jews, homosexuals and mentally handicapped or anyone who disagreed with them.	which islamic state ? sure, there is quite a bit of disorder in some islamic nations in the middle east right now, but there are plenty of islamic nations which are doing quite well too.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	this is kinda like the advertising claim, but odds are if you pirated it because of reasons other than lack of funds then your friends would not be able to buy it either and would have to pirate it like region locking cases.
Freedom of speech and minority views.	speech that is hateful, bigoted, and just terrible should be made illegal.	we allow  clearly incorrect  minority views to be heard out of humility many current majority views were ridiculous minority ones only centuries ago, if not more recently think slavery, women is suffrage, workers  rights, etc.
Gender representation in video games.	the right to play as a female character in a certain game ?	however they still are media and still influence, and what is more is influenced by, people.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	development is the result of shipping millions of units.
Misrepresentation of Feminism on Social Media	the behavior of some supposed feminists, however, often in online formats such as twitter, is antithetical to feminisms goals, is awful pr, and is simply not okay.	it is men is rights activists who have in fact committed murder in the name of their belief system, not feminists.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	it calculates how much force is needed to lift us up to the next step, how much time till the next ankle movement to keep us from tripping.
Religion and its interpretation by local communities.	to which she replied that while the text never changes the rules do and that you just ignore the text.	there is no evidence whatsoever that the values of this religion exist or not.
Politics and Governance.	in toronto last year, the mayor rob ford admitted to using crack cocaine while in office, spurring a backlash from the public.	the most successful democracies in the world are those that have effective electoral procedures and a well educated populous.
Superficiality in Dating and Social Settings	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	the fact that we are now more efficient at it because we can look at a larger pool  people at the bar vs s on the apps/sites has not changed how people do this, that it was the way has always happened.
Challenges of not being able to vote in politics.	not voting is also works against me since i remove any say on representation in politics.	the only way for you to be represented in a democratic election is to vote.
Beauty standards and body image.	is real beauty not being thin, even though you may happen to have a high metabolism or eat healthy foods ?	i propose all people should be treated with respect.
Feminism and Egalitarianism in Golf Club Membership.	now, while i consider myself a feminist, i consider myself more so an egalitarian and i believe that all people should be treated equally.	i still think that private clubs should have the ability to restrict their membership, even if such restrictions are discriminatory.
Religion and the concept of God.	if god created us in his image, why is he considered good when we are a violent species ?	that is a good reason against the belief of such things, but it does not disprove their existence.
Comparison of gymnastics and rock climbing.	yet gymnastics asks one to maneuver their bodies into shapes that the human figure is not meant to form.	sprinting has a higher energy expendage in a short time, marathons use more energy in a long time, boxing has much higher forces on more vulnerable body parts extend to all martion arts etc.
Wedding industry and true love.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	furthermore, if the participants see the event as very important and do not see it as a waste of money, how can you decide that it is a waste of money  to them  ? being truly in love has nothing to do with wanting a big wedding or not.
Tolerance and morality in society.	but conservative societies do not have to tolerate liberal members.	you enlighten people one funeral at a time.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	many, many times in earth past before man came around were entire swaths of species wiped out because of natural occurrences.
The art of magic and suspension of disbelief.	there is suspension of disbelief, not only for that magician but then for all magicians.	in my opinion, youtube videos of performances that spectators can watch over and over again to get a secret do more to harm magic than camera tricks do.
Sleeping arrangements after a fight in a heterosexual couple.	let is assume a heterosexual couple gets into a fight because of a mistake the husband made.	i see it as more an act of penance.
Middle East and colonization.	i think we need to basically recolonize the middle east.	know that it is actually the arabs who suffer the brunt of extremist violence and terrorism.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	it is also about people for searching for meaning in their lives, and justifying their societal moral codes.
Inequality and fairness in corporate hiring practices.	I think there is a lot of inequality in corporate hiring right now, and a lot of people who get eliminated actually meet the job requirements associated with the position.	for your egalitarian approach, you pretty much have to ignore resumes all together, and simply issue some kind of test, anonymously, to the applicants.
Anti-harassment policies at conventions and use of sex appeal.	reliably, cons have been implementing tough anti harassment policies.	they might not stop all of the harassment instantly or even within a few years, but they are sending the message that harassing behavior is not welcomed.
Crime and Economic Collapse in Detroit.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	this is a real racial issue that i never ever see anyone talk about.
Mandatory helmet use for cyclists.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	however, the most likely group of people to be hit are actually pedestrians.
The benefits of believing in a higher power.	if you believe in a higher power or god, you get rewarded if you are right.	if you are wrong URL there is a  giant  list of god that people have said exist.
Personal growth and sexual experience.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	is the problem.
Misogyny in the gaming community.	with all the quinnspiracy and gamergate bullshit going on, i have come to the conclusion that gaming community of reddit is full of misogynistic neckbeards who are unable to take any critique.	by opening your post with insults and generalizations, you have already discredited your entire argument.
Doubt about human and animal evolution based on biblical beliefs.	i do not believe; however, that humans are direct descendents of any species, and i do not believe that birds and dogs for example had any common ancestor.	i would not say that i am  certain  of these things, but i have accepted them.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	manslaughter in the second degree in ny is defined as follows: URL  a person is guilty of manslaughter in the second degree when: .
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	dealing with the consequences  can  mean terminating pregnancy.
Accessibility to basic human needs.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	unfortunately, there is not an unlimited amount of stuff in the world.
Negative effects of vomiting on health.	i did not gain nor lose any weight doing this.	the most effective way to acheive a goal for your body is most of the time not the healthiest one or does have strong long term effects.
Comparison of intellectual merit between reading and watching.	reading something like  fifty shades of grey  is not intellectually superior to watching something like  hiroshima mon amour.	for every twilight book, there is an equally vapid fast and furious movie.
Keeping last name in marriage.	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	keeping a name does not have to mean that the person is cautious about the future, they could simply be nostalgic for the past and the name they have had their entire lives.
Criticism of Humiliating Welfare Systems.	things like food stamps are patronising, and that is a good thing.	designing the system to humiliate people and in turn discourage them to make their lives better does not make any sense unless you are trying to breed more inequality.
Superficiality and importance of appearance.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	instead of struggling and suffering through a somewhat mismatched, semi compatible relationship because of the difficulty of finding a new partner, people are more free to move on from a mediocre relationship to try and find someone more highly compatible.
Influence of environment on sexual orientation.	if homosexuality or pedofilia is entirely based on biology, should not the rate of homosexuality be consistent with very little variation across all societies ?	if you could somehow prove that a person is permanent sexual orientation was influenced by their environment, you would have an argument.
The War on Christmas and Religious Inclusivity.	the real goal of the  war on christmas  is to claim ownership of the end of the year, and pressure others to only acknowledge the christian holiday and exclude all others.	to those of us who have no issue with inclusion, yes.
Batman's Mass Assault on Bane and the Consequences	in dkr batman organizes a mass assault on bane, knowing the police are using guns, and bane is troops are using guns, which leads to a lot of deaths.	if batman were to say that he did not kill these people, it would be like a general ordering troops to fire on an enemy, and when that enemy is killed, saying he had nothing to do with it.
Living in a swing state and its policy decisions.	but outside of statistics, let is say that you do live in a swing state; policy decisions regarding taxation, spending, the military, legalization of substances, etc.	if you vote for a right wing party, public money is going to be spent differently to a left leaning administration.
The role of sociopaths in society and leadership.	in order to minimize people is personal moral codes getting in the way of a powerful, efficient society, sociopaths and other people with little to no morals should be encourages to attain positions of power.	they will drive talent from their immediate sphere, replacing it with yes men and people who lack the capacity to tell them they are about to fuck up.
Feminism and Equality Advocacy.	i feel like we can all advocate for equality without having to blame a certain group or overgeneralize a whole gender.	feminism:  the advocacy of women is rights on the grounds of political, social, and economic equality to men.
Gun control and government tyranny in the US.	if there are either no guns or very limited types of guns in the us there can be no effective defense against a tyrannical government.	the rebellion was in large part a revolt against the encroachment of the parliament onto the prerogatives  of the legislatures of the colonies.
Economic Benefits of Increasing Population.	explain to me why the average person benefits from an increasing population like many economists say ?	countries that have the highest standard of living are the nordic countries, which have socialist economies.
Criticism of polyamorous relationships.	polyamory just seems like a rather immature way to have a relationship with.	you think it is stupid, maybe it is not for you.
Ease of rapping compared to playing instruments and depth of rap.	as someone who has played different musical instruments and rapped, i think rapping at an elementary level was always much easier than playing an instrument.	especially in comparison to what it takes to play an instrument.
Becoming a Military Doctor and Paying for Medical School.	my plan was to graduate college and join the ushs the military medical school and become and army doctor. i am also poor and medical school in the military from what i understand pays for smart kids.	civilian neurosurgeons will easily catch up to their debtless peers in the military due to the huge difference in salaries.
Qualifications for Political Office	most of our presidents had never actually been a governor, many were senators, representatives, or even soldiers.	do you have any evidence to suggest that presidents who used to be governors were better than those were were in the senators/reps or were in the military ?.
Lack of sympathy for a friend's risky behavior.	i would not feel bad for said friend because he took a risk with no possible reward , got screwed by someone who did not follow the rules, and my friend ended up paying for it.	rationality does not really enter the equation.
Quality of displayed food.	the food shown, looks to be healthy but of incredibly low quality.	i see no veggies on almost all of the trays.
Preventing teen pregnancies and dropouts.	we could spend more time teaching safe sex and avoiding teen pregnancies, which lead to drop outs.	we should teach what is the most common.
Starting something based on calendar system vs. seasons.	there is no rhyme or reason to wait until the arbitrary beginning of a calendar system to start something.	your holidays are your reward for working over the year gone by it is an end stage.
Criticism of Obama's handling of racial tensions.	i think people are very quick to judge someone is actions, obama is recent criticisms along with the martin, brown, and garner, as specific intentions of race baiting.	it is not so much criticism, but the way he handles it.
Regional differences in Scottish and English interests.	there does not seem to be the kind of evidence of regional balkanization one would see if scottish interests were truly divergent from those of the rest of the uk.	in a lot of ways scotland is more similar to scandinavian countries than england.
The dangers of one night stands and casual relationships.	one night stands and other  no strings attached  relationships are dangerous and can be unhealthy for both participants  mental state.	i can also look at the us, and look at arguably highly sexually repressed states and see unhealthy, poor performing areas that fail on a whole slew of tangible  civilization metrics.
The negative effects of video games on social life.	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	this does not make them less mentally engaging than sports.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	how do you propose they distribute scholarships or determine entry to post secondary without a grading system ? understanding and managing school related stress is a vital skill for most universities and colleges.
Limitations of human knowledge and perception.	there might be infinitely many things we are not aware of.	which is functionally equivalent to not existing at all.
Reliability of Police Testimony.	i believe police testimony is no different and no more reliable than any other regular citizen is testimony.	they do not want people who favor police or give their testimony anymore weight than others.
Addiction and Responsibility.	addiction is a disease and a way to absolve people of responsibility for their actions.	you are presenting something being a total dichotomy between freely chosen and forced.
Real Names and Consequences for Online Behavior	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	that outreach and support would be extremely difficult if using a real name to post on the internet is required, since it would make a lot of people legitimately fear getting outed in really shitty environments.
Travel options for coastal cities and limitations of cruises.	most large cities are on the coast and you are able to travel anywhere.	i would much rather find things to do that i really enjoy or that are unique to a place, than to just sit back and be entertained on a cruise ship.
Feminism and Equality.	the goal of feminism is, or at least should be, equality.	a lot are egalitarians, they are simply choosing to put an emphasis on the areas where women have it worse.
The limitations of commitment in marriage.	no one can make a commitment that lasts forever, no matter how much people fool themselves that that is what marriage is.	it is not  easy , but it is certainly doable.
One-state solution and annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the one state solution, palestinians, would have a  right to vote  on israeli policies.	first of all, i agree that the israeli endgame has long been the annexation of all the palestinian territories.
Influence of environment on sexual orientation.	if homosexuality or pedofilia is entirely based on biology, should not the rate of homosexuality be consistent with very little variation across all societies ?	this is an example of someone is environment influencing their sexual orientation,  and then that person realizing they were wrong.
The ethics of a sociopath in politics.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	the second problem is that he might take a careless or narcissistic view of who counts as  the nation.
Moving large objects or heavy lifting.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	i have also seen plenty of trucks pulling trailers as trucks tend to have much better pull than a car or van.
Privilege and Oppression.	everything after  heterosexual white male  is supposed to make me oppressed, but i do not feel oppressed and i certainly do not feel privileged.	you may not be oppressed for your sexual orientation, race, or gender, but you certainly can be oppressed based on able bodiedness, weight, and height.
Income inequality and poverty alleviation.	if there are adequate systems for poor people to escape poverty such as education then there is nothing wrong with a broad income spectrum.	people do not become rich by creating wealth while everyone else stays the same, people become rich by claiming a larger share of produced wealth.
Debating the ability to prove historical setbacks.	you can not prove what and who set anyone back and you ca not have serious discussions where the main premise of the discussion is  what if  and  what would happen .	the death of that many people sets society back immensely.
Use of force in a situation.	you should only use the minimum amount of force as is necessary to escape the situation.	if someone pulls a knife on you, you  are  allowed to pull a gun, as it is now lethal weapons.
Definition of terrorism.	but as the years go by the word is being more and more loosely defined.	if you try to blow up a military base, you are not a terrorist, you are a guerrilla fighter.
The Purpose and Design of Tests.	i think the purpose of a test is to approximate your ability to understand the material that test is over.	shorter feedback loops are  always  better.
Advantages of Welfare Reform.	there is also the huge benefit of less resentment of those on welfare.	poor people are the same as you or me, just with noticeably less money at their disposal.
Pros and Cons of Having Children.	not having child is objectively a great decision, economically, time wise, etc.	a society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they will never sit in.
Opposition to the Iraq War.	i am not saying all wars are avoidable, but even though i am highly ignorant about politics, i just did not see the point of iraq war.	i suppose that is a fair point.
Abortion and American values.	so, if we take life through abortion, are not we defying everything americans stand for ?	i take lives all the time working in my garden.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	libertarians are not anarchists; they just want to reduce the size and power of government.
Charitable giving and personal sacrifices.	many charities that you may donate to pay their employees and ceo is ridiculous salaries.	you may not understand the value of a ceo, but there is a reason they get paid that much money.
Monogamy and Sexual Desires.	monogamy by definition restricts a person from fulfilling sexual desires outside their relationship.	sexual desires do not define us, and denying them does not harm our well being.
Job Creation and Nationalism	many Americans think that creating jobs for americans is morally superior to creating jobs for people of other countries.	to address the idea put forth in your title, patriotism is not necessarily the view that one is  better  so much as the view that one has taken pride in the group that one identifies with or is a part of.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	i think that if we consider a worldview in which there is no afterlife a worldview which i do share with you , it makes life itself more meaningful.
Biological sex and intersex conditions.	if you happend to be born with both sets of reproductive organs then you still are one of the two, completely biologically you would just need an operation.	many doctors default towards female because it is easier to remove a male sex organ than turn a female sex organ into a penis.
Body positivity and self-improvement for women.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	as if the weight  is  who they are, when in fact, they are  real women  already.
Benefits of Strength Training in Fitness.	with a good dose of cardio and flexibility training.	strength is one of the few things that you can apply to virtually any aspect of fitness.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	additionally, plenty of people abandon their families and children even if they share a last name.
Racism and Slavery in America.	you are still called by your slave masters  names.	well, speaking as a white man of america i can say that this is just plain bullshit.
Subjectivity of people's preferences.	but that is not a good reason to go out and shit on someone.	you obviously do not know that much about the rap game.
Unkindness and Insulting Behavior	similarly, if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	sometimes requests from other parties for one to alter their behavior do stem from someone being too politically correct.
Discussion on discomfort and homophobia in locker rooms.	but having the discomfort should not be viewed as homophobic.	where are your statistics of gay men who are out of the closet and who are sexually assaulting straight men in locker rooms ? you are right that  feeling  this discomfort is not homophobic.
Online opinions and downvotes.	no one wants to get anonymously slapped for an opinion; no matter the opinion.	i do support giving a reason for downvoting when that itself adds to the discussion, but for these reasons i believe requiring it would create unnecessary clutter and at times potentially discourage use of the feature except by those wanting to jump into an argument themselves which i feel would be a group less likely to responsibly use the downvote than the community at large.
Challenges of mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.	why are we trying to push btc mainstream ?	only a small percentage of the world has large deposits to insure.
Marx's views on centralized state planning and socialism.	marx thought centralized state planning was the correct way of running an economy incorrect, marx is somewhat vague over what socialism is to consist of, but he supported worker self management in the first international, though he did support planning of some kind .	and i agree because it is the only interpretation that actually unifies for me marx is disparate   mystical sounding elements into something coherent.
Gender in Recruitment: Bias and Data	It is reasonable for companies to consider gender when recruiting employees, because there is many quantifiable differences between males and females.	the trouble with this argument is that hiring is not done on averages, it is done with individual applicants.
Misconceptions about the nature of gods.	gods are just humans who have had a good million or so years to evolve.	this could be interpreted in several ways, all of which are wrong.
Sex education in schools.	the point of class is to teach how to avoid getting knocked up, avoid stds and learn what happens during puberty.	and all of that applies to homosexuality and other sexual practices.
The nature of morals and their subjectivity.	i do not think morals actually exist.	you do not have to hold any moral system as  true  to follow it when you are aware of the potential socially enforced consequences for violations of a local socially constructed moral system.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	set the bar high, and that is where they will go.
Concerns about the well-being and evaluation of transplant recipients.	their wellbeing following such traumatic interventions are not guaranteed, especially when comes to transplantation.	as far as i know, if a person is going to die, they get treated, regardless of there contributions.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if we all obeyed them, traffic would come to a crawl.	the nhtsa states:    speeding is one of the most prevalent factors contributing to traffic crashes.
Argument for Polygamy	polygamy: i am honestly not wholly sure what the argument against polygamy is, besides something about complications in the way tax systems are set up, which could be easily fixed i would imagine.	so polygamous marriages would not be simple like gay marriages are apply the same formulas you apply for straight couples.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	you go outside to see the house next to yours is gone.
Perception of police by law-abiding citizens.	for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	i would think that for every good act a cop does, there are   bad acts.
The risks and roles of joining the US armed forces.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	saying that you do not respect those in the us military because they may accidentally kill civilians ignores the very very important fact that they are carrying out the orders of your elected officials.
The ethics of a sociopath in politics.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	but deciding what the  nation  is, what is  good  for it, and whether to act on that national good those are intrinsically moral issues.
Choosing to Keep or Change Last Name After Marriage	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	it is entirely possible to consider yourself a member of a broader family a wife and possible mother as well as an individual person.
Controversy over Ten Commandment monuments on public land.	allowing ten commandment monuments on public land forces christian beliefs on all non christians.	trying to force atheism on others is no different or better than trying to force religion.
Perception and Limitations.	the truth is, our perception of our environment is very limited.	we can predict the exact velocity of an object falling in a vacum.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	people in protected classes are  still  hassled and persecuted privately.
The value of atheism.	so what is the point of arguing and reading all these books about atheism ?	i do not see any real benefit to being an atheist aside from an ostensible freedom from tortuous religious requirements.
Changing last name for practicality and tradition.	well obviously, you are making an assumtion that your family name is more important than theirs.	it is practical because it is much more work for me to change my name than for her to change hers.
Anti-abortion argument and its weakness.	the chief anti abortion argument is that fetuses are alive.	it is not impossible, but indeed  extremely hard  for a libertarian, to justify a violation of self ownership so vital for libertarians.
Challenges with Rational Thinking in Textual Analysis.	two people saying vastly different things both being considered right hurts my fundamental understand of the way that rational thinking works.	ever watch a movie with a friend and talk about what you both thought of it ? were either of you explicitly wrong ? why am i being forced to dig through that ? what do they want to teach me ? tolerance to other opinions ? yes, in a way.
Men's rights in abortion and financial obligations.	therefore, i believe that men should either have abortion rights, or the right to waive all financial obligations to his child while abortion is still an option.	if you truly believe that must be made a priority, then why would you as a dad keep your child from having clothes or food or christmas gifts ? that is actually what you are doing when you are trying not to support your child.
Advantages of Welfare Reform.	there is also the huge benefit of less resentment of those on welfare.	in that context, responses to your other points:  there is no way of ensuring that the cash is used for its intended purpose.
Use of the N-word in Black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	black people are not treated as they were  years ago and i do not see anyone getting anything from being offended by a word being used incorectly.
Idealizing people and breaking down stereotypes.	back then i believed there was a distinction between party rats and nice girls, and she seemed to embody essentially everything about the  nice girl .	it sucks that she canceled her plans with you to have sex with a guy but you ca not blame her for anything else.
US as a Counter to Tyranny	thus, the us remains the best counter to tyranny in the world.	do not ever believe when someone tells you that america is taking an action to secure someone else is democracy, it is never about that.
Parasitic Strategies in Politics and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	if healthcare and infrastructure are neglected it is out of ignorance of their own self interest rather than malicious intent.
Debate on the feasibility of ancap utopia.	the only difference between the ancap utopia and our own world is that, in the ancap society, everyone nearly homogeneously believes in ancap principles, asides from a few troublemakers.	we intersperse within the statists and blend in.
The effectiveness of education research and scientific method in education.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	do you think the education system is exactly as efficient as it was  years ago ? i think the funds are well spent as they encourage us to explore  all  aspects of human knowledge, instead of arbitrarily limiting out large swathes of it because we find them less pleasant or interesting than other parts.
The art of magic and suspension of disbelief.	there is suspension of disbelief, not only for that magician but then for all magicians.	more than once a spectator has just googled a description of one of my effects and found something similar on youtube with the same secret.
Debate on the necessity of playoffs in determining a winner.	the team that has the most points at the end of such a season is a clear winner, and playoffs are not really needed.	basically, even though the playoffs do not always seem to  get it right  in terms of picking the best team, there is almost no fair compromise.
Distracted driving and car safety warnings.	not being able to hear warnings their car is giving them.	sometimes i do not hear it until it is passing me.
Limitations of an all-powerful being.	if you have an answer to that question, that same answer could be translated to the universe.	laws of physics are not constant throughout the universe, for example they do not apply to god.
Opinions on homosexuality.	homosexuality: a much less arguable point, i believe.	that is not to say i am questioning whether or not you actually have a problem with gay people, but grouping that issue with more  questionable  issues is something you should try to not do.
The decline of language expression in society.	people have no need to express themselves anymore.	few people will try to learn and understand more nuanced words because it adds very little to the conversation.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	the fact that men are expected to always want sex is a  huge  detriment to male sexual assault/harassment/rape victims, because it leaves no room for consent consent is irrelevant and unnecessary if men are merely mindless sex robots.
Controversy surrounding engineering PhDs designing lethal weapons.	engineering phds are shaping modern society and changing the world.	engineers designed the gas chambers in concentration camps.
Success in a field despite lack of skill or talent.	case in point, eazy e became a famous rapper even touring the white house doing something he was terrible at.	plenty of studio only singers out there churning out chart topping singles.
Alcohol and its potential consequences.	and the potential consequences of blacking out sound terrifying.	but most importantly, it can be a lot of fun, an incredible amount of fun.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	just because something is short, does not mean that it is a waste of money.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	however, it has been my experience that there a lot of people who took all the precautions and they still ended up pregnant.
Testing Ideas in Physics	ideas in physics are much easier to test.	many of them require a significant amount of resources.
Arguing about religion and God.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	when we find that the some of the motivating factors for these actions is religious, then it becomes beneficial to the health and well being of society to moderate these beliefs.
Limitations of human perception and reliance on science.	the truth is, our perception of our environment is very limited.	although we have built tools to perceive things we cannot perceive with our body, there might be infinitely many things we are not aware of.
Difficulty of learning and education for exceptional individuals.	there are no difficult subjects to learn.	you will be competing with grad students who are also extremely bright and have had years more experience than you.
Arguing about religion and God.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	we can argue about the best way to approach this, but people will be receptive to belief altering arguments, making the time worthwhile.
The Effects of Video Games and Dangerous Sports on People	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	here i will address each of your comments specifically.
Misalignment of School Year and Calendar Year	school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years.	borrowing two days from some month days and shuffling around the order is barely an improvement over the current system.
The limitations of ethical consumerism in addressing climate change.	whether or not florida is sunk by rising sea levels is not a triviality that should be left to making sure you buy the right soy sauce.	what about democratically implemented regulations that specifically ignore the environment ? what if a nation, collectively decides they just do not give a fuck about clean water, or air, or workers rights ? too bad man, that is the option now.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	i believe that expensive engagement rings and elaborate wedding ceremonies are a waste of money and only serve to make women feel spoiled and/or special.	they are spending money on what they want/what is more important to them.
Differences in coping mechanisms in a relationship.	for example, say i am in a relationship and i value alone time when i get stressed.	it is not talking about specific actions, but a more general awareness of the manner in which you want to be treated.
The concept of desktop user interface.	what is that supposed to be a visual metaphor for, for pete is sake ?	your desktop does not  contain  your computer this is just you misunderstanding it.
Men's rights in abortion and financial obligations.	therefore, i believe that men should either have abortion rights, or the right to waive all financial obligations to his child while abortion is still an option.	women ca not force other people to terminate, so why should men have that power ? having a child is a much much bigger obligation than a monthly check.
Kant's universal law formulation and consequentialism.	an appraisal of whether something ought to be a universal law seems to be consequentialist to me.	consequentialism takes y to be the net positive future state of the world.
Gender roles and feminism in homemaking and nurturing.	i feel we have lost some important values of homemaking and nurturing.	feminism saved women from being forced into those  women is roles,  but it has not yet broken down the idea of  women is roles.
Punishment for rape and other crimes.	in my mind, the rapist is not punished like the other criminals, as he can continue to live with the spoils of his crime.	does that mean a murderer who does not get executed also gets to live with the spoils of his crime ? why is rape special in this way ? should arsonists have their property burned down ? can financial restitution really make up for losing your home and property ? your lines of distinction seem completely arbitrary.
Corporate Responsibility and Accountability.	because of the nature of corporations, there can be situations where the corporation caused injury or death to a person yet no one person actually made a decision that knowingly caused it.	if people in leadership positions make decisions, and we are punishing the corporation as though it is a self aware entity that made the decisions of its own accord, then are not we shifting the blame from the people who made the decisions to a scapegoat that ca not make any decisions ? let is say there is a case in which this happens.
Benefits of taking morning showers.	you do not sweat nearly as much during the night.	i always wake up with the feeling of dried sweat coating my skin and it feels good to clean that off and start the day fresh.
The unrealistic idea of living the "good life".	the good life is that im going to do all these drugs, blow my money, travel, have sex, get to know as many people as possible and die when i die.	you have to think, how much are you actually going to enjoy this lifestyle ? if you spend all your time high and drunk, are you really going to  have fun ?   or are you just going to be perpetually waking up in dirty bathrooms, covered in puke, not knowing where you are, with your panties missing ? are you really going to  meet new people ?   or are you just going to be surrounded by dirtbags who want to use you for their own enjoyment after all, think of who this lifestyle attracts ? and think about what your death might look like.
Batman's Mass Assault on Bane with Fatal Consequences.	in dkr batman organizes a mass assault on bane, knowing the police are using guns, and bane is troops are using guns, which leads to a lot of deaths.	if batman were to say that he did not kill these people, it would be like a general ordering troops to fire on an enemy, and when that enemy is killed, saying he had nothing to do with it.
Political stance on healthcare access restrictions.	conservatives wish to restrict my fellow americans  ability to access healthcare.	blaming the gop is just ignorant at this point.
Challenges of having a national language for government documents.	a national language helps bind national unity.	we live in a world where non english speakers require translated copies of our laws, regulations, etc.
The effectiveness of learning in school.	and do not get me wrong, i am not saying that students do not learn anything in school.	it seems mundane or quaint because you have already learned so much more.
Religion and its impact on society.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	anything that has this much effect on the world is certainly worth discussing and debating.
Disagreeing and downvoting on online platforms.	i have downvoted someone i have disagreed with.	downvoting people you disagree with is not against the site is rules, so your comparison is weak.
Gender and Advice Giving.	if you ask a man, however, you will get more useful advice.	you also seem to be implying that a man who can date women will be able to explain what women are attracted to better than the women themselves.
The never-ending nature of wars on terror, crime, and poverty.	the problem with the war on terror is there will never be an end.	and terrorism is not an ideology, it is a tool.
Microevolution and Macroevolution.	evolution occurs on small scales with species, but these species do not hold a common ancestor.	they are terms predominantly used by  creationists  in order to give them some leeway.
Challenges of Law Enforcement and Professional Standards.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	there is a serious lack of accountability in our police force, and innocents are being harmed through this lack of  perfection , and worse, these perpetrators get away with it more often than not.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	complaints about the prequel trilogy are hilarious to me because they are really no different from the original trilogy in their intended audience, depth, and significance except with more racist stereotypes.
Debate on the morality of business actions.	but any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	maybe it is immoral, but it ai not against the law.
Arguments for applying gay marriage to other practices.	i think the arguments that are used to support gay marriage can be directly applied to the other two practices mentioned.	primarily, restrictions on producing offspring, due to the genetic dangers.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	it used to be up until fairly recently that the first  digits of a social security number were based on location of issuance, the middle two were based on a group number that follows a certain pattern , and then the last four would essentially be your serial number in that location and group.
Federal Income Tax and its Implications.	if you do not pay federal income tax your either a criminal or poor.	URL poll taxes were declared unconstitutional in  due to the fact that they were in direct violation of the th amendment.
Feminism and Equality.	the goal of feminism is, or at least should be, equality.	there are a lot of issues mostly specific to women.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	why are some women is issues ignored ?.
Misuse of Feminism and Gender Equality	i watch someone misuse the term feminism imo.	thus feminists are interested rather in ideas than in facts; if, for instance, they wish to make accessible to women the profession of barrister, it is not because they wish women to practice as barristers, but because they want men to view without surprise the fact that women may be barristers.
Consent and Birth Conditions.	apparently, i consented to these conditions by being born.	if i refuse to pay the fine, i am eventually sent to prison.
The Ethics of Military Combat.	another reason is when on the field, you are killing people who are on the other side of the fight than you, but these people are compete strangers.	they do not know you either.
Driving etiquette and rules in the US.	the burden should be on you to get around me since i am going at or above the speed limit.	it depends, in the us if you are not in the left most lane, then you are right.
Job stability for police officers.	the proposed state of affairs will diminish job stability for police officers.	this sound pretty good to me, it rewards good cops and tells everyone what is expected of them and why its worth it.
Scottish independence and political implications for the UK.	the last uk prime minister was scottish.	the labor party currently constituting the opposition government is disproportionately scottish, so scottish independence would essentially guarantee another conservative aka tory government.
Investing in a country's development and India's space program.	spend billions on improving a country is living standards, education, etc.	it is not one or the other.
Scottish independence and national debt.	an argument i have heard is that if uk are not willing to share the , then scotland is under no moral obligation to pay back the debts.	second, the  is a financial asset whereas children are not an asset at all custody should be determined based on what is right for the children and not on the parents  desires.
Wedding industry and true love.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	also, what is wrong with seeking attention ? if attention makes you feel happy, why deny yourself that ?.
Traffic control in the city with tolls.	the road with the highest traffic in my city is the massive interstate leading into the city.	this greatly benefitted traffic flow while raising money to better improve the road itself build more lanes etc.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	and why is it that we ca not do both ? why must we focus on only one thing at a time ? that is a narrow and shallow way of looking at things, if you ask me.
The possibility of becoming rich in a capitalistic world.	however, there is one fair thing about a capitalistic world, everyone can become rich if they work hard.	socialism is a system which takes steps to make it easier for the poor person to acquire wealth while still providing an incentive to work.
Stress of falling behind in school or work.	if you miss a few days, you end up fighting an uphill battle which makes all of your work worse as you try to both catch up on missed assignments and keep up with incoming ones.	i have never experienced this.
Men's desire for sex and prostitution.	one reason i believe this, is that men patronize prostitutes in significant numbers and men are willing to trade things of real value like money in order to get sex.	sex is an inherently different beast for them.
Effectiveness of shooting as self-defense.	you are not going to stop an intruder or attacker with poorly aimed shots after all.	this depends on where you live.
Body image and beauty standards.	what i do not support is companies saying that real beauty is being round and curvy when in actuality, that may not be very healthy and should not be settled for.	and you keep mixing up the word thin for  healthy, active, and strong.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	i doubt they would be as great if there were much more turmoil and their back yards.
Public transportation coverage during off-peak hours.	questionable coverage at other than peak commute times.	it is cheaper, cleaner and the drivers are friendlier.
Combining parenting with charity work.	i am making the assumption that instead of child bearing the would be parent involves him or herself in some sort of meaningful charity work .	i have a child and i still do weekly charity work.
Anti-harassment policies at conventions and use of sex appeal.	reliably, cons have been implementing tough anti harassment policies.	are there still creepy people at these events ? sure, but they know that creepy behaviors are not going to be tolerated.
Moving large objects or heavy lifting.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	your stuff does not get rained on or blown away and you can stock things vertically.
Misconceptions about the nature of gods.	gods are just humans who have had a good million or so years to evolve.	if you mean  more intelligent , as a species, yes this happens very incrementally, but most of the gains we have had in the past couple of centuries are primarily due to improved nutrition.
Prioritization and Counseling for Social Dysfunction.	in addition to that, power, respect and a fame of sorts are my priorities too.	and if they shut you out in a corporate environment, that is basically a death sentence.
Selection of elites and lack of historical understanding.	these elites are not selected by the people, but are established based on certain merits.	fix problems in democracy, do not just scrap it altogether.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	URL this happened just before the books.
Sexism on Reddit and the push for female-friendly communities.	websites on the internet, like reddit, have the communities called sexist all the time and even now we are seeing a constant push towards making reddit more female friendly see: twoxchromosomes becoming a default subreddit and pushing aside the male demographic.	reddit is called sexist a lot because there is a lot of sexism on this site, and x was made a default sub not as part of a conspiracy to oppress men but because a lot of big subs were defaulted and x is a big sub because there are actually quite a few women on this site because  they are half of the human race.
Uncle's job as a cop dealing with domestic violence.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	agreed, except when these bad cops are exposed as so, the police chief and union usually stand by them, and protect them.
Libertarian views on race and discrimination.	libertarians claim that the free market or  social pressure  will eventually lead to a post racial world.	basically you believe that an individual should not be forced to interact with people, if he/she does not want to.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	many of them are just as social as the average non gamer, and i would be willing to bet that many kids brought up playing sports can be just as anti social as you believe gamers to be.
Comparison of difficulty between rapping and playing instruments.	as someone who has played different musical instruments and rapped, i think rapping at an elementary level was always much easier than playing an instrument.	i would not make a blanket judgment that applies to everyone else based solely upon my own personal experience.
Criticism of using outdated arguments in cultural context.	i do not think the argument that he was revolutionary for his time a good one either.	are you asking for people to show you wisdom from the new testament ? have you considered that if you are american or european you live within a cultural context that has largely internalized many christian ideas; and therefore those ideas that seem obvious to you are not actually that obvious ? there is no reason to read his arguments over modern ones in that case.
Driving safety and emergency vehicle awareness.	not being able to hear emergency vehicles coming.	what about expressive people who can hear, but gesture with their hands ? do we need to screen for these people ? just outlaw taking your eyes off of the road.
The Benefits and Limitations of Cruises	i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, you should go on a cruise.	more importantly, not everyone wants to travel a large city.
Perception of gift value based on giver's income.	many people are wowed by the amounts of zeros present in the gift and forget that proportionately to the giver is income, the gift may have been piddling.	rich people do give but because they have a lot, some of us we think they should give a lot.
Misconceptions about the nature of gods.	gods are just humans who have had a good million or so years to evolve.	if you mean that we learn more things collectively over time, that is indeed a trend, but not an inherently necessary trend, and not and endless trend.
Morality and Bestiality	the thing about morality, is you may never change anyone is mind.	so what ? i have changed people is minds on moral matters before, and they have changed mine.
Passengers kicked off for body odor.	finally, passengers have been kicked off for things that endanger the comfort of others before like body odor .	if someone smelled terrible, but nobody could smell it unless they were sitting on their lap, would it matter ?.
China's rise to global superpower despite oppression and censorship.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	it is actually freer than the us in many ways.
Body image and beauty standards.	what i do not support is companies saying that real beauty is being round and curvy when in actuality, that may not be very healthy and should not be settled for.	you are making a lot of assumptions based on your personal preference for the aesthetic of skinny women.
Gender roles and courting expectations.	therefore, the man has to  put in work  to get the girl, whereas the girl does not have to do any courting at all.	i am not saying the only reason a woman  dresses up  is for a man, but you ca not deny that it is an expectation of them from the male side.
Police control and traffic safety.	if you put a police control outside a club to stop every car, you are checking everyone equally.	i am okay with them monitoring driver behavior as they leave, but not checking everybody for no reason at all.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	this is not really a problem for me, because i use ethics to ground laws, so it is ok if it is not valid between nations, but it may be problem for you.
Individual financial autonomy within a marriage.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	if you got married and did not expect to be treated together with your spouse, then maybe you should get divorced or annulled.
Homosexuality as a choice.	i think that participating in homosexual acts is definitely a choice.	just to be clear,  participating  in anything is a choice.
Libertarian stance on racism and personal/business freedom.	libertarians publicly acknowledge that racism is a bad thing.  yet go ahead and declare that anybody should be allowed to actively practice racism in business and in personal life.	would you say this means i think racism should be allowed ? if you believe something is bad, you should outlaw it.
Comparison of Soviet and US Cartoons.	i used to watch soviet cartoons which are diametrically different from the ones produced in the us.	movies, on the other hand, are simply for entertainment, and while there are some social stereotypes that i try to weed out for my kids like the heroine nearly always has huge, blue eyes, is built like barbie and sings like an angel in order to woo prince charming, the mystical and imaginative themes are just that, mystical and imaginative.
Selling products using personal songs and art.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	he works in a office all day but on the weekends he has a part time job teaching kids piano.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	to others it isnt.
Morality and free will in relation to God.	i will not entertain the idea that morality is relative.	there are things that are wrong at any time, the standards of the day cannot be used to justify it.
Fairness in including same-sex marriage and other types of relationships.	on what principle would we act to include same sex marriage that would not be unfair towards other types of relationships like same sex throuples or polygamists, etc ?	when we last redefined marriage with no fault divorce, divorce rates skyrocketed and a number of problems worsened.
Organic farming and GMOs.	i would be most people who often buy organics are also against gmos, which means that organic farmers have to make environmental compromises in order to satisfy their customers.	you cannot certify something as  organic if non organic methods have been used to produce it.
Democracy and Trust in the People.	in order for democracy to work, we put faith in the people.	we just believe that when all factors have been considered democracy is the most desirable of all forms of government.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	there are medications that give life threatening birth defects to fetuses, and some of those medications are for serious conditions, where discontinuing them could be harmful to the pregnant person.
The complexity and physical demands of baseball.	as for mental capacity, baseball is an extremely complex sport.	it is not fair for you to simply list a long series of basic tasks that need to be completed in baseball albeit completed quickly and then just ignore the complexity of professional gaming.
Debate on Monogamy vs. Open Relationships.	more over, the reasons for being monogamous are exclusively character flaws related to the items mentioned above, or outright ignorance about non monogamy, about stis, etc .	even an ongoing friends with benefits is not going to have the same level of intimate knowledge found in a good established boyfriend/girlfriend relationship.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	and;  a man who as a physical being is always turned toward the outside, thinking that his happiness lies outside him, finally turns inward and discovers that the source is within him.
Quality of life vs. Prolonging life.	instead of finding ways to prolong life, we could better spend resources to make the life we have got more pleasurable.	for example, the budget for the sens foundation strategies for engineered negligible senescence URL one of the largest american nonprofit foundations that pump money into life extension research, is about $ million per year.
The ethics of piracy and its impact on producers.	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	it gives the producer more information than simply not buying it.
Privacy and Email Tapping for Character Assassination.	the fact is that if we really value privacy as a right, then we should be appalled when someone is private emails or conversations are tapped for the purposes of character assassination.	this is assuming that they actually regret it.
The creation of music by talented individuals.	anyone with even a modicum of talent on guitar or drums can play green day songs.	it is just words on a paper.
Consequences of universal maxims.	by considering whether something ought to be a universal maxim, we are already considering the consequences of that thing being a universal law.	at any moment, a given maxim is true or false, regardless of whether it is, or ever will be, applied.
Survival ethics in times of scarcity.	if a harvest was projected to be lean, infants would be regularly left to die so that their small villages would have enough food to go around.	how did man survive the ice ages if only selfish feral acts led to survival ? once again do you have evidence for this or is this more fiction ? once again i think there is more evidence for the opposite mindset.
Criticism of Subsidy System and Taxation on Productivity.	our subsidy system for poor people especially regarding reproduction has grown the ranks of the poor by millions.	the progressive tax system means that nobody is ever better off not making more money.
Summary of "The Giving Tree" by Shel Silverstein	for those unfamiliar, a tree most likely signifying parents provides a boy with anything he needs until he takes everything the tree can give leaving only the stump.	there is no thanks given by the boy at anytime and no acknowledgement that he is damaging the tree beyond repair.
Republican rhetoric on shooting immigrants.	southern republicans often spout rhetoric about shooting immigrants on sight.	i mean its easy to blame that fucker nixon for everything, but he ca not do shit without congress.
Fundamental rights in American government.	these were the first fundamental rights we declared for ourselves as americans and i believe these rights are one of the building blocks of american government today.	the declaration of independence is not a legal document.
Tax-exempt business buying undisclosed property.	the business buying the house is a tax free organization.	what type of unpaid resources will they be consuming ? property taxes pay for things like schools and libraries.
Fantasy Football	as a game, ff is so bad because you are picking the guys you think are going to score the most points.	that varies fro week to week based on your opponent, and the defense the players are up against.
Tattoos in the workplace.	would i even want to work for a company that is so narrow minded about what makes a good employee ?	there are a lot of people who are uncomfortable seeing tattoos, they can be downright intimidating.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	, have their own justifications for returning to self rule.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	when i refer to pain, i believe i refer more to loss.
Cruise activities and limitations.	cruises are also full of activities to keep yourself and your kids occupied during the trip.	i would much rather find things to do that i really enjoy or that are unique to a place, than to just sit back and be entertained on a cruise ship.
Prioritization and Counseling for Social Dysfunction.	in addition to that, power, respect and a fame of sorts are my priorities too.	this will limit your ability to find friends or a spouse.
Scottish independence and cultural identity.	there is no real ethnic or cultural difference between scots and other brits.	if they want independence just because they are bored, you would still have to accept it.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	even if i assume that the abstract reasoning skills required in most public office jobs are equally dispersed throughout society which is unlikely , it seems pretty likely that those skills are common enough in the upper echelons of society for me to fill the available jobs many times over.
Criticism of Obama's handling of racial tensions.	i think people are very quick to judge someone is actions, obama is recent criticisms along with the martin, brown, and garner, as specific intentions of race baiting.	not just on race, but also on gender, class, region, sexuality, anything to make himself look like he is for the downtrodden.
Meditation and its misconceptions.	people who advocate meditation are making a status play.	most people who meditate are not withdrawing from the world.
Appropriation of Black Culture in Hip Hop.	white guys and chicks are all listening to hip hop,slurring their words, putting on a blacker accent and using more black words like  ratchet  or  twerk .	you are not black and do not share that common history of experiences, using the word is attempting to say that you  understand  that common experience when you ca not.
Feminism and Equality Advocacy.	i feel like we can all advocate for equality without having to blame a certain group or overgeneralize a whole gender.	what you are saying here, is the equivalent of me rejecting christianity entirely, based on the actions of a select group.
Cultural influence on dietary and sexual preferences.	i do not think you are primitive and cruel if you eat meat, i think you are a victim of circumstance like everyone else and have that choice made for you by your culture.	if you plan to supplant meat proteins with plant proteins, be prepared to bulldoze hundreds of thousands of natural forests and jungles to make way for soy fields.
Internet pricing and usage.	if i do not use the internet that often, why should i pay more ?	if you rent a house but go there for sleeping, why should you pay as much as the guy who spends all his time in his apartment ? there are plenty of services where you are playing a flat rate for general access to something.
Comparison of rap lyrics to other genres.	there are plenty of examples given from rappers who are very conscious and clever, but even those hardly ever say anything i feel holds a candle to good lyrics from other genres.	the rapper however also lacks the distracting factor of melody.
Ethics of avoiding animal-derived products.	if you choose to avoid things that are derived from the cruel treatment of living things, then you could also make a similar argument pertaining to plants.	to become a vegetarian does little that will change the overall treatment animals.
Far-right extremism and its definition.	i believe fascist neo nazi groups, the kkk, the golden dawn or any religious extremist group like radical islamism all fall under the far right.	anything could be called extreme.
Alcohol policy on campus.	kegs are not allowed on campus so we just have to spend more money on beer.	you are allowed to decide what risks you want, but part of taking these risks is dealing with the punishments that result from taking them, which includes whatever punishments your school has for taking these risks.
Compensation for prisoner labor.	people, even prisoners should not be exploited for free labor.	all of these things are compensation, although not all of them are monetary compensation.
The limitations of God's abilities and the perspective of organisms.	god is supposedly all knowing, all present, and all powerful yet there are no organisms on earth that display physiological capacities to do the things that god can do.	still, you have a concept of god that i feel is too small.
Animals' desire for life.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	huh ? because you do not want to get wet ? so why will they avoid that which will kill them ? because they want to live.
Israel's invasion of Gaza.	and the invasion of gaza is unjustified as well as impractical.	in addition, israel has offered many humanitarian pauses and cease fires all of which hamas has ignored or broken by firing rockets into israel.
Biology and Homosexuality in Different Societies.	if homosexuality or pedofilia is entirely based on biology, should not the rate of homosexuality be consistent with very little variation across all societies ?	across different races of people, there are different risks for inherited diseases.
The effectiveness of tariffs in reducing importation.	i think other methods of reducing importation would either create a black market or be horribly inefficient.	that will lead to layoffs and will have a negative effect on gdp.
The limitations of textbook knowledge and historical accuracy.	the problem is that many of you honestly have only read what was in the textbooks and have not done the real research to understand that many of your  facts  have either been proven incorrect or have fatal flaws that make these claims inaccurate.	do you believe the world existed before you were born ? do you believe the things you learn in history class actually happened ? all you did was learn of them through textbooks.
Winter Olympic sports accessibility.	most of the sports in the winter olympics are not even an option for most people around the world.	to me, both of them have their boring and exciting events.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	both demand a change in behavior of people.
Evolutionary Psychology of Physical Attraction.	beauty signals health, fertility, good genes, intellect, good decision making, and the subjective part of looks probably has something to do with traits that blend well with my own genes.	physical appearance has good correlation to good health, but it is not .
Grading methods in classes.	the grading is qualitative, rather than quantitative.	grading in all classes have both qualitative and quantitative parts.
Challenges of mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.	why are we trying to push btc mainstream ?	in order to properly secure thousands of dollars of btc you have to go through elaborate schemes such as remember passphrases, printing out papers and hiding them somewhere, or as recently seen someone hiding their btc address underneath a watch.
Consent and Birth Conditions.	apparently, i consented to these conditions by being born.	even if you disagreed with taxes in their entirety, it would not make the system akin to theft just because you have an ideological disagreement with their purpose.
Criticism of Obama's handling of racial tensions.	i think people are very quick to judge someone is actions, obama is recent criticisms along with the martin, brown, and garner, as specific intentions of race baiting.	it is not about pouring soup for the homeless, it is about enraging the lower class to overthrow the perceived  bourgeois.
Minimum wage and tipping in service businesses.	i believe that enforcing a minimum wage for these type of service businesses would alleviate the issues we have with tipping.	should they get paid ? the tipping system is an immediate feedback.
Dieting and Exercise vs. Regulating Caloric Intake	i do not care about being right i care about losing weight, and i never wanna do yoga again !	when you give your body time to start digesting, your hunger will diminish.
Challenges of having a national language for government documents.	a national language helps bind national unity.	i guess i just do not see a point.
Comparison of Iran and Israel's behavior in world affairs.	iran has proven itself to be a pragmatic and rational actor in world affairs.	iran, however,  is  a signatory and is bound by the npt, at least in theory.
Meditation and its misconceptions.	people who advocate meditation are making a status play.	sometimes its nice to withdraw from activity and take part in individual deep thinking.
***Possible topic: Reasons for an alien species to avoid making contact with humans.	but an alien species could collect an enormous amount of data from long distance visual observation and monitoring are telecommunication networks.	making contact provides no benefit, would unnecessarily disrupt human society, and potentially threaten theirs.
Pregnancy as a Non-Disease in Healthcare	pregnancy is not a disease that needs to be cured.	should none of those be covered either, or should we accept that some things covered by insurance exist to create a generally healthier, more prosperous society ? i hear often that access to contraception is not a legitimate health issue because it is about allowing people to have safe sex whenever they want, but that is an extremely short sighted perspective.
Wealth and happiness	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	let is assume he is a better authority on being extremely rich than either you or i: URL so, although this is a small point, i think merely being a multi millionaire is probably more optimal.
Criticism of religion's role in causing problems in the world.	when i say that religion in general and islamic in specific causes a lot of problems in today is world, i am seen as a bigot and an islamophobe.	that is a fine, but very important distinction.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	if you have no money, you have no life.
Features and amenities on a cruise ship.	room service, room cleaned twice daily, amazing food all you can eat , daily entertainment, and ways to relax.	i would much rather find things to do that i really enjoy or that are unique to a place, than to just sit back and be entertained on a cruise ship.
Benefits of paying off small debts.	paying off a small debt instantly  adds  to your emergency fund.	your monthly expenses are now less, so you need less of an emergency fund.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	or someone is car.
Dieting and Exercise vs. Regulating Caloric Intake	i do not care about being right i care about losing weight, and i never wanna do yoga again !	many of them provide packaged meals and plans to keep you on track, whereas managing calories manually can be more time consuming.
Lack of Empathy in Young Children.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	however, there are obviously millions of children who were not spanked, yet grew up well adjusted.
Criticism of environmental hypocrisy regarding private jet usage.	there is no hypocrisy, because no one is advocating the ban of private jets.	his act of flying private gives the message that being wasteful is okay if you have money.
AI's potential to destroy humanity.	ai destroying humanity would require some semblance of sentience and evolution past the originally programmed purpose.	but is not the idea that an ai will be able to reprogram itself and evolve itself well beyond its preprogrammed purpose almost immediately ? sure,  we are  struggling to creating a real ai.
Challenges of mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.	why are we trying to push btc mainstream ?	it is currently not as widely accepted like fiat cash and do not think it will be anytime soon if at all.
Coursework procrastination and monitoring.	some students see the deadline of the coursework and decide to start doing the coursework on that day.	they will whine but most of them will change their behavior and book the machine time immediately.
Police brutality and use of deadly force.	seriously, if the cop was a sick fuck and gets a boner shooting up black people, he could have done so in a secluded area at night when no one was around.	until there is evidence that michael brown posed an  immediate danger  to the cop, the shooting is not justified.
Justification for Higher Insurance Premiums Based on Profit Margin	how is insurance companies  need to make a profit a defensible claim for higher premium ?	if it were not for statics, insurance companies would not exist.
Subjectivity in religious theories and science.	religious theories are not made by objective measurements of an environment we only know from our observations.	the real claims made by real religions are not at all in harmony with what we observe about the world, and again,  just because we think a thought, does not mean it is correct.
Appreciation for magic tricks and the importance of mystery.	working out how the magic trick was done is half the fun for me and i think most people .	tv magic is entertaining to many people.
Harmful effects of introducing children to substances.	one reason is that you are introducing your child to a potentially harmful substance, linked to both liver and brain damage, at a time when their body and brain are still developing and are especially susceptible to damage.	lots of things are bad for your health.
The Emotional Connection of Video Games.	a game can make people cry or at least get emotional as the story progresses.	i can set down a book for a decade and pick it up again where i left off if i so desire.
Gamergate and corruption in video game industry.	gamergate is a movement that is apparently aiming to expose and combat the corruption in video games industry.	anita sarkeesian is accused of not knowing anything about gaming and just criticizing it to get on tv and sell books.
LGBT representation in resources for intersex children and parents.	but when we are dealing with young children and their parents, there is a concern that the association with lgbt would drive away parents of intersex children who would otherwise seek out information and resources about intersex conditions.	and ideally, avoiding gender dysphoria in the first place is a better solution than providing a good environment for going through that struggle.
Potential Canadian Geopolitical Changes.	ontario splinters in three or four with the golden horseshoe curving around, putting buffalo and rochester under a common economy with toronto and windsor/detroit finally being unified.	ontario is incredibly strong now, and would only be made much stronger by quebec leaving.
Moral significance of animals and their killing for enjoyment.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	this, you continue, rids them of their moral significance, allowing us to kill them for any reason we deem enjoyable such as eating when they are not needed for our diet as long as we do it humanely.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	when demand for consumerism i.
Fear of Death and Its Impact on Decision Making	i used to be afraid of death, especially when i was a kid/teenager.	but the more i thought about it and how it affects our decisions, death made less and less sense.
The aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	i know many people who went on a  life changing  retreat who got tattoos of the symbol that is generally used on the retreat, but most of those people severely regretted their decision a few years later.
Obama's responsibility to address cyberbullying in schools.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	it is part and parcel of having power.
Use of force in a situation.	you should only use the minimum amount of force as is necessary to escape the situation.	there are a few factors that need to go into it: perceived threat by the person defending themselves , escalation by either party , and the  reasonable person  standard.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	but that does not mean that the contributions you made to others  lives have all been meaningless.
Gender pay equality.	i seriously believe that men and women probably make a very similar number; a number so similar that there are no grounds for advocating either gender needs more pay.	you should summarize your analyses of these studies and decide whether their methodology warrants accepting them or not.
Idealizing people and breaking down stereotypes.	back then i believed there was a distinction between party rats and nice girls, and she seemed to embody essentially everything about the  nice girl .	putting one down and the other one a pedestal is childish.
Car Hacking	also, cars can be hacked just like iphones jailbreak and other electronic devices.	it is one thing to change the ui or add apps, but that is completely different then changing the software that actually drives the car.
Possessiveness in relationships.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	even the ones i would never expect it from, and the ones who said they  were not that girl  and  wanted a nice guy.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	feminism is inclusive to men because it is inclusive to  anyone  who believes women should have equal rights and opportunities as men, and men and women should not be pigeonholed into gender stereotypical boxed based on their gender.
Advocating for Marriage Equality at Weddings	i would not petition people to join my favorite political or social cause at my wedding.	i would not agree to obey, either.
Bias in hiring based on physical appearance.	subconsciously, people tend to assume attractive people are more trust worthy than unattractive people.	people of all types suffer from low confidence.
Types of atheism and their beliefs.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	actually, technically there is a difference between weak atheists and strong atheists, and under the academic definition of atheism only strong atheists believe that there is not a god.
Basic human needs and Maslow's hierarchy.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	at the time, ukraine was already part of the ussr so competition was not a thing.
Categorization of beliefs and behavior.	however, by my understand of the definitions, a person must fall into one of the two categories either in their professed beliefs or by their behavior.	while i feel very strongly that we are unable to answer this question, my stance on the existence of god is just de facto.
Conservative healthcare restrictions and preventable deaths.	conservatives wish to restrict my fellow americans  ability to access healthcare.	it is logical, in my opinion, that this will result in preventable deaths and patients who will live the rest of their lives in debt.
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	and yet, they are places that people believe are safe.
Importance of Industry Experience in Politics.	we will finally be able to have smart politicians instead of popular politicians in office.	industry experience would be a requirement in making a proper decision.
***Topic: The Need for Big Scale Economic and Global Policy	big scale economic and global policy is needed, because the problem is trillions of times bigger than one guy and his yacht.	you ask for policy changes, but at the same time there is a massive support for a free economy and unregulated market in the us especially.
Travel options for coastal cities and limitations of cruises.	most large cities are on the coast and you are able to travel anywhere.	more importantly, not everyone wants to travel a large city.
Religious freedom and constitutional limits.	the laws seem to favor one religious view over another, which is unconstitutional.	if we have to revisit tax codes and laws to allow for bigamy, then we end up creating something other than marriage.
Nature of human rights and moral constructs.	i believe all rights given to any human are social constructs, produced by society from moral structures determined by a multitude of factors.	just because you reject natural rights as presented by philosophers like locke and hobbes, does not mean you reject moral rights as a whole.
Power dynamics in economic transactions.	the buyer consumer has all the power, because he is the one who comes into the transaction with money.	vice versa, neither is a film executive buying sex from a wannabe actress in a position of weakness as a severely handicapped person who depends on a sex worker as the only avenue to physical intimacy in their life.
Casual sex and its effects on society.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	so i believe good things definitely can come from them.
Real names and consequences for online behavior.	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	if we could not post ideas on the internet anonymously, the scope of the internet would be much narrower yes, a lot of the negative content would get eliminated, but you are forgetting about all of the great ideas that would be eliminated as well.
Issues Faced by Other Alien Species.	war, more and more dangerous weapons, corporate greed, government corruption, global warming, mass extinction, these are all issues that other alien species would likely encounter.	as us ? why should we expect other sentient life to experience the same problems that we might ? i think some of these assertions corporate greed and government corruption in particular; i am willing to accept conflict as something that is probably common in some capacity to most sentient life at this stage of development.
Religious fundamentalism and rational thinking.	i am referring to someone whose personal religious beliefs are obsessive and interfere with one is ability to think rationally.	how can you then call them rational ? there is no subjectivity in logic.
Accessibility to basic human needs.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	food: what quality of food should everyone get ? should everyone get minimum standards of barely edible, unhealthy food at low cost ? should people get amazing food that not only tastes great, but is healthy at a very high cost ? who determines this ? shelter: same argument as with everywhere else.
Debate on whether alcohol-facilitated sex is rape.	but there is a push escalating trivial hookups to rape.	it bares saying that the reason you should not fuck drunk people who you do not know particularly well is not  so you do not get accused of rape  it is  because that is a kind and respectful way to treat someone you would like to fuck.
Limitations of Society's Scientific Discoveries and Inventions	and so as a society, we are restricting our discoveries and inventions to the small areas of science and technology that we know about so far, that we think are credible and worthwhile.	there are plenty of studies people can do free from political backlash that would be absolutely horrible.
VPN and File Sharing as Essential Resources.	those doing some major file sharing, or maybe needing a big pipe for a vpn to work.	secure vpn is would be as common as chat.
Limitations of Concluding Life on Unsampled Galaxies.	or if we had an example from the nearest star with planets, we could conclude that probably every star with planets evolves life.	the only difference would be that it might end up being much more probable, given that this other life could have evolved on a very different world than our own, and current estimations of the probability of alien life assume an earth like world.
Comparison of difficulty between rapping and playing instruments.	as someone who has played different musical instruments and rapped, i think rapping at an elementary level was always much easier than playing an instrument.	the first time i sat at a drum set, i was able to play a standard / with fills for an entire song.
Blame on Neglectful Mothers.	but the lion is share of blame rests with neglectful mothers.	i would assume one parent could be neglectful, and the other could be extremely engaging and help develop a baby is social responses.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	whoever mines even one of them will become instantly richer than bill gates.
Computer Science Major and Money Making	however, i am not really into the whole programming aspect, which i now realize the computer science major mostly consists of.	one day he said  hey, i am running out of money.
Wedding ring expenses.	the idea that you should spend half or more of a yearly income on a wedding ring is the most disgusting financial advice i have ever heard.	but that is not what we are talking about here.
Democracy and Trust in the People.	in order for democracy to work, we put faith in the people.	we believe that the majority of people will be able to successfully elect a government that represents their people.
Corporate Responsibility and Accountability.	because of the nature of corporations, there can be situations where the corporation caused injury or death to a person yet no one person actually made a decision that knowingly caused it.	corporations do not make decisions.
Severity of punishment for unintentional wrongdoings.	If a person does something wrong unintentionally, he should not be punished very severely	what of the devastating harm thar can be done without assault or murder ? if you steal a little old lady is entire life savings, she may indirectly die because she ca not afford food and heat.
Rights of criminals and penal system.	yes, you forfeit certain rights when you commit a crime.	but that is  exactly what it does.
Cultural exchange and understanding.	lets start educating each other about our different viewpoints and cultures.	but it is a tool that people are willing to use.
The never-ending nature of wars on terror, crime, and poverty.	the problem with the war on terror is there will never be an end.	i agree in theory that we need to consider the consequences of our actions, and not make enemies needlessly, but we live in a dangerous world.
Gender Stereotyping and Gender Identity.	through traditional stereotypes of masculinity and femininity, gender creates a categorization of behaviors, qualities, and images as belonging either to men or women.	the concept of gender is to give a rough idea of the proportion of the two, which is why many people view gender as a spectrum rather than a binary thing.
Police control and traffic safety.	if you put a police control outside a club to stop every car, you are checking everyone equally.	at least a visible police presence will fill the road with  perfect drivers.
Difference between libertarianism and other political ideologies.	if you believe something is bad, you should outlaw it.	in fact, they would be hypocrites if they did want that.
Basic human needs and Maslow's hierarchy.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	however, they still starved, despite not having to compete for food, because that food was taken away and distributed elsewhere.
Criticism of "The Mismeasure of Man" Conclusion	also, before anyone suggests it, i have indeed read  the mismeasure of man.	c and it does not account for the myriad of sociological factors that influence these so called intelligence tests.
Debate on the importance of bodily autonomy.	and somehow  body autonomy  is some concept to be held high.  barf.	euthanasia ? if a doctor kills a terminal patient  with their consent , then it is morally equivalent to an equally consented surgery.
Historical wars worth arguing about	as far as i can tell those are the only two wars even worth arguing about.  but please cmw.	the british burned down the white house in that war, it was definitely a credible threat.
Evolutionary Psychology of Physical Attraction.	beauty signals health, fertility, good genes, intellect, good decision making, and the subjective part of looks probably has something to do with traits that blend well with my own genes.	success in today is society can be attributed just as much if not more to intelligence, motivation, and the ability to excel socially.
Debate on accuracy of slavery laws in the Bible.	however you take the argument, there is no proof either way who added the slavery bits into mosaic law.	but it was already very anti establishment, was not it ? so anti establishment that christians ended up being persecuted by the romans for quite awhile just because they would not properly register their religion, right ? if that level of persecution and perceived anti establishmentness did not marginalize the church, why would saying  slavery is immoral  do so ? should it also be heeded, or are you just picking the stuff you like out of it ? i am pretty sure this is the same chapter that mentions how married persons should live as if they were not, because the end times are coming soon tm , and that unmarried persons really should not try and get married unless they are already pledged to do so.
The Effects of Video Games and Dangerous Sports on People	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	i realize that i may not be able to easily connect with these people socially because we do not share a common interest, but even in watching the interaction of those who i know to dedicate a significant amount of time to competitive sport with others is a noticeable inability to discuss anything beyond said sport with any level of depth.
Lack of sympathy for a friend's risky behavior.	i would not feel bad for said friend because he took a risk with no possible reward , got screwed by someone who did not follow the rules, and my friend ended up paying for it.	if a friend of mine died from a overdose, suicide, stunt, or something equally stupid, i would still feel bad.
Criticism of the Last Republican President's War Actions.	the last republican president started two wars that killed thousands of americans and hundreds of thousands of foreigners.	under obama, more people have died on both sides, gitmo has not been closed, we have had multiple disasters.
Issues with lack of game criticism in online content creation.	the problem i have, though, most of the time, the uploader is just talking about their day or sopmething that happened in the game, never criticizing or commenting on the games.	that is kind of commenting on the game.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	why do not bicyclists have these same restrictions and obligations to use those same roads ? a bicycle is nowhere near as complicated or dangerous as a car.
Voluntaryism and Tax Exempt Status of Religious Organizations.	the only exception i have thought of is the tax exempt status of religious organizations.	should not all people be able to opt out of any law for any reason ? it is called voluntaryism.
Canadian soldiers and public reaction to their deaths.	canadian soldiers recently killed are receiving an undue amount of compassion and attention.	if people believe that soldier is death is national tragedy which i believe it is , then it deserves mourning.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	when we have such limited time to live and be with our loved ones, everything we do is meaningful.
Tattoo display preferences.	and a lot of times, people proudly display their tattoos.	there are millions of dumb people with dumb tattoos.
Living conditions in Africa.	africa was, and still is, a pretty awful place to live in.	and even after that, mlk gave his  i have a dream  speech in .
Criticism of Private Prison System and Property Rights Enforcement.	do not even get me started on the private prison system in the us.	the equal enforcement of property rights is, by default, what people mean when they mean  no regulation.
Gender and racial categories in sports.	i think if sports are broken up into male/female categories for fairness then sports should also be broken up into racial categories for fairness.	male and females are naturally and biologically different from each other.
One-state solution and annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the one state solution, palestinians, would have a  right to vote  on israeli policies.	if you simply mean  oppressed,  then you are right.
Gender equality and reproductive rights.	if women are given control over their reproductive system contraception she is able to control the balance of power much more.	the  only  situation where your view holds water is where women are  forced  to not work, there are no alimony laws, and the parents separate.
Representation and Diversity in Art and Culture.	artistically, women are depicted as objects of beauty and desire, people is of color are barely depicted at all and white men are the creators of art.	just as in china, all you see is chinese people, and in persia only persian people before islam , and in india, indian people, and in africa you africans.
Belief in God and personal stance on religion.	i mean god as a supreme being/entity who is all knowing, all powerful, and created the universe.	such as can he create an indestructible wall that he cannot break no matter how much he tried ? or can he create a box which makes it impossible for him to know what is happening inside ? being all powerful means being able to grant and deny yourself rights as you see fit.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	ok so fast forward to today.
Minimum wage and menial work.	the work is usually menial and grueling.	if you are not enjoying your job, i do not see much point in working there, because for the majority of jobs, it is going to be most of your day, and days.
Comparison of wind, solar, and nuclear power.	wind and solar power are great but nuclear power is more reliable and produces far more power.	nuclear fuel would rise.
Morality of killing in military service.	by enlisting in the military, you have agreed to kill someone on behalf of the cause for which that military is fighting.	in your view,  it is my son is life or the enemy is life.
Suggestions for changing overtime rules in sports.	how about removing players from each side as more and more overtime is played or allow more substitutes during ot ?	removing players would lead to a situation that is just as unlike the rest of the game after a while  on  ? and more substitutes does not mean goals.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	there are medical conditions that some people have that making pregnancy difficult or life threatening.
Body positivity and self-improvement for women.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	and not hating your body is a huge step toward improving it, because why would you want to improve something you hate ? i think you are missing the whole point of the campaign.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	and adjusted for renewable including hydro, one of our largest sources of electricity /nuclear, oil provides less than  of our energy needs.
Income inequality.	why should i care if someone else is making more money than i am ?	i agree it is a fair system meaning the rules apply equally to everyone in theory , but that is only a minor prerequisite for a just system.
Subsidies for drivers and other modes of transportation.	hence everyone else, who has better things to do than drive everywhere, are forced to subsidize drivers in their irresponsible choices.	you do not pay a road surcharge when everything you buy was shipped to your stores on the road.
Evolution of moral behavior in human civilization.	there is no worry of not meeting a cosmic standard; the standards are within yourself.	this required/requires more fiction or rather abstraction of where the standard is and where comes from.
Fear of the Unknown in Natural Selection.	since natural selection shows us that the strong survive, at some point the human, or protohuman, brain tells humans that anything different is dangerous.	and we need to ensure all young people get education and exposure to new ideas, to cultivate our natural  curiosity  drive.
Challenges with societal gender norms and definitions.	the problem lies not within people  being born in the wrong skin , but within society is narrow definitions of men and women and of masculinity and femininity.	nobody checks chromosomes, and nobody can in social interactions.
Importance of challenging students and the benefits of diversity.	secondly, there is danger in leaving any students unchallenged.	educating greater numbers is the most effective thing you can do for society.
Kant's universal law formulation and consequentialism.	an appraisal of whether something ought to be a universal law seems to be consequentialist to me.	at any moment, a given maxim is true or false, regardless of whether it is, or ever will be, applied.
Grading methods in classes.	the grading is qualitative, rather than quantitative.	is this answer close enough for full credit ? if not, does it deserve , , or  points ? this person wants a regrade; can i understand their reasoning, and is it deserving of points ? similarly, evaluations in fine arts often test specific concepts, and the same questions apply.
Difficulty of learning and education for exceptional individuals.	there are no difficult subjects to learn.	for everybody else there are plenty of opportunities to stretch their minds.
Wasteful consumerism and benefits of investing in quality equipment.	imo these people are wasting their money, and exemplary of wasteful consumerism.	sure you can buy a cheap knockoff cam off amazon for half the price, but the quality of gopros afaik is pretty much unrivaled in durability.
Limitations of investing time in social and technological movements.	so, in choosing between investing one is time in creating a potentially revolutionary social and technological movement vs.	think of it this way: it is physically possible for me to marry natalie portman.
Voting for a candidate based on personal preference.	i want to vote for someone who i would actually want to hold that office.	now, if he is/was saying what you believed him to be saying, i completely agree.
Privacy and the Ethics of Peeping Tom Behavior	i think about all the porn out there, i know some photos of random girls have to have been from a boyfriend or ex that were uploaded without the girl is permission.	maybe people should take a stand more against poorly regulated sites.
Acknowledging the Existence of Horrible Black People.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	you ca not blame a single person for a big picture problem.
Challenges with Arab Muslim perceptions of Westerners.	i understand that not all arabic muslims want my head on a platter, but enough do to constantly have struggles over there.	the overwhelming, vast majority of arab muslims both do not give a damn in the world about you but would still not like to see innocent people viciously beheaded.
Advancing freedom of decision in diverse societies.	now, according to the advances we have in terms of technology and more scientific fields i think we need to advance a lot in terms of freedom of decision.	religion also brings community, a code of law, and a sense of purpose in life.
Morality of the Second World War	the second world war can be seen as a black and white moral struggle against monstrously oppressive forces.	a nuclear arms race gave a few countries the power to destroy not only humanity but most life.
VPN and File Sharing as Essential Resources.	those doing some major file sharing, or maybe needing a big pipe for a vpn to work.	sharing hd video would be as common as tweets.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	your mom and aunt are cooking a meal in the kitchen, and your dad and uncle are sitting on the porch drinking beers.
Debate on the Fat Acceptance Movement.	for example, the fat acceptance movement makes obese people think there is nothing wrong with their bodies and ignore the health risks of being obese.	who says that fat people do not understand the risks of their weight ? the point is not to shame these people into losing weight, it is to accept everyone regardless of who they are.
Controversy over Michael Brown's character.	i get pissed off that people think michael brown is still a saint after the video of him robbing the store was released.	also, you are as wrong as the people who claim he is a saint.
Faith in Competent Leaders and Historical Perspective on Problems.	would not you feel more comfortable putting your faith in the hands of honest, educated, competent people, then a majority that is lacking most of those things ?	fix problems in democracy, do not just scrap it altogether.
Highway speed limits and safety concerns.	the speed limits on most highways just do not make sense.	you raise the limit more so the slower people speed up, and people continue to speed again.
The use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	a black person saying the word nigga is not them  teaching  you that word and neither does that mean you can now use that word.
Animal farming and its impact beyond human consumption.	if you decide to not eat animals so that hopefully less farm animals are subject to such horrible conditions, you are ignoring the bigger picture.	animals will be used for food even if no humans eat it.
Requirements for driving on public roads.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	that is because they  are  legally entitled to be on nearly any road they want.
The importance of scientific evidence in society.	some of the greatest inventions and discoveries of humanity were the result of scientists ignoring what was politically correct.	its no longer popular though occasionally things are still done as it has been proven beyond a shadow of a doubt again and again that these things fail rigorous testing.
Scottish independence and political implications for the UK.	the last uk prime minister was scottish.	and could only obtain that position by catering to english interests primarily.
Wedding industry and true love.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	sometimes, the wedding industry makes it seem that weddings are only about the bride, but that is not the case for many couples, for them it is about both of them.
Political issues and beliefs.	the last republican president started two wars that killed thousands of americans and hundreds of thousands of foreigners.	what is wrong with defending the borders of your nation ? do you know why republicans oppose abortion ? as a non christian queer, this angers and terrifies me.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	this would push the prices up making it viable for other mines to open.
Frequency of Moving Heavy Objects.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	with a pickup, i can easily have all of these sort of things in the bed which both prevents them from stinking up the cab and makes it easy to clean up after they are gone.
Misalignment of school and financial years with calendar years.	school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years.	the school year in europe is designed so that children can have as much of summer off as possible, and a brief google leads me to believe this is true of other regions thus meaning australians are now having their summer holidays.
Feminism's Impact on Women's Happiness.	the view i would like to be challenged is this: the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	thus the so called achievements of feminism should not be regarded as such.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	i also recognize that ethics and personal values are highly subjective.	according to ethical egoism, denying the execution of them means denying my pleasure and that is wrong.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	it is a way of saying to her  i do not respect you or care about your comfort.
Sex education in schools.	the point of class is to teach how to avoid getting knocked up, avoid stds and learn what happens during puberty.	you can get std is from oral, anal, piv, and even genital rubbing.
Inappropriate comments about women's breasts.	so i feel like if i ever do mistakenly ask if natural breasts were implants and i have never been wrong yet then consolation about how i know something that many people believe is such a  great  thing is really a burden.	are they natural ?   notice how i even leave myself an out ? wait, so these are random women who you just meet and you talk to them directly about their breasts ? that  is  sexual harassment.
Differences in coping mechanisms in a relationship.	for example, say i am in a relationship and i value alone time when i get stressed.	using the logic of the current golden rule, i am in the clear.
The Purpose and Design of Tests.	i think the purpose of a test is to approximate your ability to understand the material that test is over.	given that it is designed properly, the grade a child receives on a test should approximately reflect their understanding of the material, and the cumulative score of their tests is what produces the final grade.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if i were to drive at the speed limit, i would be a road hazard.	it is true that people who drive slower than everyone else cause accidents, but if everyone followed the speed limit then none of this would happen.
Morality and belief in God.	without a god there is no reason not rape and murder.	if god is benevolent because what he does is good, then that quality of  goodness  exists independent of god.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	at what point does it become an unacceptable risk ? what if he hits  out of  ?  ? what about  ?  ?  hit rate, each time he pulls the trigger a cop dies ? when police draw on someone, they do not know what they are dealing with.
Helmet use for cyclists compared to aviation requirements.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	many cyclists  do  carry insurance.
Inappropriate comments about women's breasts.	so i feel like if i ever do mistakenly ask if natural breasts were implants and i have never been wrong yet then consolation about how i know something that many people believe is such a  great  thing is really a burden.	that is totally opposite of all social norms we have about polite conversation.
Marriage as a Necessity.	i do not think marriage is needed to have sex, prove your love or even have kids.	if one of you dies, you get sole custody of the children without having to adopt them beforehand.
Swiss-like foreign policy and government services.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	also, the countries you listed are all much smaller than the us, and supported by huge natural resource supplies that support just about everything in their system.
Gender-neutral bathrooms and potential concerns.	as trans/queer gendered people are coming out and becoming more accepted, distinguishing between two genders for the bathroom just reinforces a gender binary that could potentially alienate them.	biologically, in some ways, men and women are different.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	but the memory of that day lasts forever.
Parent-child sexual abuse.	another argument that has not changed my view is parent child relationships.	if it turns out that removing the taboo against incest also substantially increases the number of cases where a power relationship is used to covertly bypass proper consent, then i think it is better to keep the taboo in place.
Sexism on Reddit and the push for female-friendly communities.	websites on the internet, like reddit, have the communities called sexist all the time and even now we are seeing a constant push towards making reddit more female friendly see: twoxchromosomes becoming a default subreddit and pushing aside the male demographic.	you make a good point about male victims of domestic violence not having many options or not being taken seriously, but the rest is just you whining that while actually there are plenty of places to talk about guy stuff with guys, there are fewer and fewer places to take part in gleeful misogyny.
The accuracy of education research in academia.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	if macroeconomics is not worth studying, than neither is meteorology they both suffer from similar problems when it comes to research.
The aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	but, i would argue that the purpose of getting a tattoo for them is for the immediate gratification of having the tattoo.
Gender roles and slut-shaming.	because the man is doing the work, the idea of the slut is perpetuated by  allowing  males to sleep with them, so in a world where the norm is that men and women put in equal work when courting, there could be no sluts.	what about the women who were  too easy  for a courting man to get ? sluts.
School liability waivers.	in my school, for example, in order to attend we have to sign waivers.	i doubt they could refuse education if you refused to sign the document.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	we pay people based on how much money we think we can make from their labor.
Responsibility for Preventing Crime and Supporting Individuals.	if people can finish school, find a job, have a hobby, they will not commit a crime.	where is the logic/reason behind this view that it is some ones responsibility to give these people things to do otherwise they will go out and commit crime ? what do you have to say to the people who do not have enough money to go to school ? what about the people who no one will hire, or the people who have certain disabilities ? how do you respond to the people that would rather  live in jail  than live out on the streets.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	take self awareness, the capacity to know of your own existence, to know you know you exist, and to know how you are thinking as you are thinking it, something humans but not animals are generally considered as having.
Advantages and limitations of using tablets for reading.	a tablet saves trees, carbon dioxide, etc, but reducing the amount of paper that would normally be printed out.	the only upside to reading on a tablet is if it did not have the backlight which strains your eyes regardless of weather it is a tablet or a laptop.
Advocating for higher speed limits on roads.	the roads can be safely navigated at higher speeds.	if you raised the limit, people will speed and therefore those who are going slower than traffic will cause accidents.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	and;  anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
Defining basic human rights.	and that people who espouse that everything is a  basic human right  are lazy and ungrateful.	i consider them a convention or belief, not an absolute.
Social anxiety and difficulty with romantic relationships.	i had no courage to even talk to a girl i had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.	many make it their whole life, eschewing deeper relationships and focusing on numbers.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	you cannot make the earth any bigger.
Clarifying the "not all men are like that" argument.	when someone says  not all men are like that , the correct response is to clarify, or admit to a factual error, and not to accuse the other side of  derailing , or  changing the subject .	they only mean that, within those groups, there is a particular  problem  that, presumably, is unique to this or a small number of social groups, which warrants singling them out among other similar social groups.
Use of force in a situation.	you should only use the minimum amount of force as is necessary to escape the situation.	real violence is not something i like seeing.
Israel's invasion of Gaza.	and the invasion of gaza is unjustified as well as impractical.	israel has been attacked by palestine continuously.
US economy and foreign policy under Obama.	the economy has rebounded from a catastrophic recession with the djia and nasdaq reaching all time highs.	we got into new wars including libya under obama.
Highway speed limits and safety concerns.	the speed limits on most highways just do not make sense.	it is true that people who drive slower than everyone else cause accidents, but if everyone followed the speed limit then none of this would happen.
Freedom of speech and regulations.	i should be able to say what i want.	discussions require not just listening, but engaging a person and their ideas, anticipating their points, and thinking about your own.
Beauty standards and body image.	is real beauty not being thin, even though you may happen to have a high metabolism or eat healthy foods ?	conversely people of any size could eat healthy foods.
Visual appeal of text posts on Reddit.	a text post, on the other hand, just looks like reddit.	if someone was even  mildly  curious about what was on my screen, language like that kind of jumps out at you.
Gun violence and its impact on society.	not to mention the amount of people who die each year due to violence with the use of guns and firearms such as mass killings of innocent lives.	now, obviously there will be people who just shoot and leave the deer to rot, but everyone i knows cleans up his/her kill and get is it processed into sausage or whatever you want.
Gender pay gap.	i have seen a million studies that show women make less.	there are zero studies that show everyone makes the same.
Resistance to change in technology and media consumption.	saying that videos have to maintain the old ways is borderline curmudgeonly.	it is not argued in order  to maintain the old ways , but in order to not have annoying vertical black bars on either side during playback.
Parasitic Strategies in Politics and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	the rich also need an infrastructure to maintain the efficient flow of goods from which they derive their wealth, and most importantly, they need everyone poorer than them to works the jobs that maintain there lifestyle.
Use of force in a situation.	you should only use the minimum amount of force as is necessary to escape the situation.	tl;dr:  only use the minimum amount of force  does not mean what a lot of people think it means.
Criticism of women in gaming.	next, people say anita is not a  real  gamer.	she made a big deal claiming to be a gamer, a claim she keeps making over and over again, when she clearly is not.
Conspiracy theories and jumping to conclusions.	but unless you try to find an explanation, do not jump up to easy conclusion.	for the / conspiracy theories to be true, for example, would require an implausible degree of planning, co ordination and secrecy.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	look at the difference in donation between two churches where the purpose is the same but one gets x the donations.
Abortion and Carelessness.	but lets be honest, there are not even close to a majority of rape and birth defect screeners getting abortions.	i would prefer that abortions be legal and uncommon.
Sexual assault concerns for gay and straight men.	a gay man is not different than a straight man.	if a gay team member or customer makes actual advances towards someone who does not appreciate this, i will fully support the receiver of this unwanted attention in taking action against it.
Reasons for keeping flawed traditional laws/customs.	what possible reason would there be for keeping a law or custom traditional if the said law or custom is in some way flawed generally either morally or due to limiting personal freedoms ?	because it either works or can work better than something else.
The insignificance of one's actions over time.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	the sum of your actions will never be nil until either all intelligent life is gone from the universe or until nature erases it.
Relevance of the effects of slavery and oppression.	i understand that centuries of slavery and oppression have left a palpable effect, but we are decades removed from that.	first of all, being decades away from it does not make the irrelevant.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	let me paint a scenario for you: you are chilling at home, watching trailer park boys on netflix with your cousin.
Limitations of Short-term Charitable Solutions in Africa	many charities focus on providing short term solutions to african problems: eradicating disease, education to citizens on issues of sexuality, etc.	eradicating malaria and small pox was not  short term  at all.
The fallacy of sound reasoning in suicide.	in my example, the depressed person is reasoning appears perfectly sound so i do not see why he should not commit suicide.	just because someone is  areasoning  power appears to be perfectly sound does not mean that it is actually based on reason.
The morality of sacrifice and human flaws.	the proported act of sacrifice is morally wrong   no sacrifice to a deity could be considered moral in any circumstance.	augustine and before, christians have interpreted the story of adam   eve as a metaphor for humanity is collective fall from grace: we act against the will of god out of selfishness.
Spanking as a consequence for young children's actions.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	so why are you introducing spanking as a  consequence  for their  actions  ? if they do not understand consequences, then they experience someone hitting them for an unknown reason.
The importance of prioritizing birth control in personal budgeting.	if you ca not make birth control a priority for your own personal budget, then why should you expect your health care to.	the entire point of health care is to pay for medical costs that people can afford within their own personal budget.
The limitations of God's abilities and the perspective of organisms.	god is supposedly all knowing, all present, and all powerful yet there are no organisms on earth that display physiological capacities to do the things that god can do.	just because we do not know something does not mean it does not exist.
Uncle's job as a cop dealing with domestic violence.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	 we do not know the exact details of these situations prior to most of these videos.
Complete Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome and Biological Sex Determination	sex is biologically deterministic and dependant on the appearance of the y chromosome.	and as for other id the only place where id is used is in your official business, and so that id must reflect your legal gender.
Higher education requirements for police officers.	requiring police officers to have higher education prerequisites would increase the reputation/public opinion of the police force across america.	nothing learned in a college level course will ever be of use to them in enforcement to a certain level detectives for example can use that kind of books smarts, but much rarer.
Comparison of female rappers with Nicki Minaj.	nikki dissed her funny thing is, nikki may write her own rhymes, but she is pretty not good compared to good female rappers like missy elliot but that was done in a very appropriate manner.	missy elliot ? she is good, but that was then.
Pink as a symbol for breast cancer awareness.	ergo, its just a pr stunt common to today where people think change and effort is equaled to wearing a color sometimes.	it is definitely pr and marketing, but it is not a stunt, nor does the goal of awareness and appealing to a female audience, take anything away from the effort.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	space exploration and research in to colonization of other planets is building a plan b for us, should something happen that we did not predict, or that we can do nothing about.
Advocating for Marriage Equality at Weddings	i would not petition people to join my favorite political or social cause at my wedding.	they are all just modifications to the rite to suit my needs and preferences.
The separation of church and state in the West.	to us, an abandonment/separation of church and state was the first major move that allowed the west to begin its period of global dominance.	cultural issues pertaining to women, freedom of the press, and individual freedoms in general do stem from religious attitudes, but this is no different than secular christian nations.
Negative stereotypes of welfare recipients.	the program also contributes to the view of welfare recipients as lazy druggies and moochers.	anytime you make welfare harder to get, you will probably save money.
Adoption versus Biological Children	why insist on having your biological child when so many are in need of a family ?	this is like telling people to take pills to remove our sex drive and perform sex for  only  procreation, not pleasure.
The quality of comics.	the comic is comedy or sentimental value is also objectively low.	this is literally not objective.
The impact of creating separate museums on American unity.	creating a separate museum just intensifies feelings of separateness.	many historians spend their lives focused on one small aspect of the human condition: military history, immigration history, history of the family, environmental history, psychological history, economic history, chinese history.
Discussion on Objectivity and Taxpayer's Money	i do not care about the financial aspect on tax payers either.	and that would be a valid point if you personally foot the bill for your whole government, but it is not just your tax dollars.
Motivation and Mental Health Challenges.	every day users are more likely on average to lose motivation and become content with short term stimulus compared to achieving long term goals.	your view directly contradicts with the reality i have observed.
Advantages of sliced sandwiches.	first, a sliced sandwich is always superior to one that has not been sliced.	you are also able to completely avoid eating the crust this way if you prefer.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	bicycles are comparatively simple even bikes with multiple gear shifts are relatively easy to repair and inspect by the layman.
The Global Financial Crisis and Its Effects on Europe.	but the recession was, which most people ignore, global, and europe was hit the hardest.	in the usd zone, the buck always stops at us federal government bonds.
School liability waivers.	in my school, for example, in order to attend we have to sign waivers.	secondly, it is well established that constitutional rights apply in the school.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if i were to drive at the speed limit, i would be a road hazard.	the nhtsa states:    speeding is one of the most prevalent factors contributing to traffic crashes.
Casual sex and its effects on society.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	putting a strict guideline on sex that is moral, healthy, or  normal  casts those that do not abide by it as deviant and deserving of stigma, which, from a sociological standpoint, i would say is very unhealthy for society.
Cruise activities and limitations.	cruises are also full of activities to keep yourself and your kids occupied during the trip.	or the entertainment and other ways to relax available on cruise ships compared to what is available at a destination.
The importance of physical appearance in dating.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	people go on dates for the purpose of learning about people and exploring their personality, the same way it is always been.
Economics and Leftism.	leftist culture demonizes capitalism, which is the mechanism by which one attains material security in our society.	as a  leftist,  i would love to see capitalism instead of legalized bribery, regulatory capture and unabated monopolies.
Human rights as social constructs and their limitations.	i believe all rights given to any human are social constructs, produced by society from moral structures determined by a multitude of factors.	natural human rights are rights because there are naturally accepted morals: it is wrong to enslave others, wrong to kill others, wrong to steal from others.
Social anxiety and difficulty with romantic relationships.	i had no courage to even talk to a girl i had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.	the sad fact is that many people go through life with very poor ideas on how to socially interact, especially with the opposite sex.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	keeping god into the universe makes an endless chain of one god creating another.
Dealing with a person's seductive behavior in a professional setting.	one of these people is single, and like to try and seduce other women.	simply make it clear that you are hoping for a calm and tasteful wedding and that  nobody  regardless of gender or orientation will be welcome if they cannot respect the other guests.
Comparison between laptop and tablet.	using a laptop is just a less ergonomic experience.	i have never owned a tablet, and i have never felt like i have really needed one.
Issues Faced by Other Alien Species.	war, more and more dangerous weapons, corporate greed, government corruption, global warming, mass extinction, these are all issues that other alien species would likely encounter.	have you ever considered that the  intelligent mind  and the  evolutionary mind  might be one and the same ? charity in practice might be mostly signaling that is why people often choose to fund inefficient charities instead of giving their money to, say, givewell.
Challenges of true democracy in modern society.	true democracy has not been around since athens the last time all the people in a society was feasibly able to get together in a forum to vote.	if no then only those with the time, resources, and clear direct knowledge of the issue will vote, which would exclude the vast majority of people from the vast majority of legislation.
The morality of sacrifice and human flaws.	the proported act of sacrifice is morally wrong   no sacrifice to a deity could be considered moral in any circumstance.	humanity is innately sinful; that is just something that anyone who has a moral compass can attest to.
Opinions on charitable challenges and personal donations.	i feel that these sorts of challenges like ice bucket challenge are the kind of things people would want to do anyway, and raising money is mainly an excuse to do so.	so is your example atypical of the situation you are trying to describe here ? that said, what is wrong with someone doing something they enjoy  and  helping out a charity at the same time ? so what if they enjoy the activity, they are able to use that enjoyment to raise money for a cause they think is good and can try to get others who are not interested in doing the activity involved in it.
Frequency of Moving Heavy Objects.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	just because they were not carrying a load at the time, does not mean they are never used to carry a load.
Benefits of Taking a Cruise	cruises are also full of activities to keep yourself and your kids occupied during the trip.	i like making my own activities rather than using the ones laid out for me.
Conflicting views on acceptance of homosexuality.	you speak of peace yet not everyone has come to think well of homosexuals.	as time progresses, we will move farther and farther from religion.
Galileo's scientific contributions and societal limitations.	what if galileo had only studied what was politically correct ?	there is tons of topics today that scientists do not touch because they are  pseudoscience  telepathy, ghosts, esp, your dietary supplements.
Religion's Influence on Creating a Secular Society	their history is too inextricably linked with religion to create a long term secular society.	the muslim world has not had a  years war, or a long history of pogroms.
The aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	but, you can always get a tattoo re done.
Controversy surrounding Tupac's legacy and rape case.	tupac garners as much respect as he does is symptomatic of massive immaturity in certain parts of the hip hop community.	tupac was complex but also very concerned about the ills of the hood.
Misalignment of School Year and Calendar Year	school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years.	and schools do not start on the same dates globally, or even regionally.
Wealth and opportunities in relation to work and socialism.	an able bodied person who works is going to have more wealth and likely lead a better life than an able bodied person who does not.	in practise it allows for wealth concentration in the long term, because one you make one million, your second million is almost inevitable and then it is a matter of sitting to let your money multiply while others have to work their asses off to paybills.
Availability of PDF editing apps on tablets.	ipad and android tablets and i assume whatever the heck microsoft is is have very solid apps for editing pdfs.	or they are only available through some weird rd party website that does not have a tablet or mobile version and you ca not get the book online it is order only because they are on the approved university list vendors.
Lack of specificity in language.	why not just use a word for all.	it is not specific at all.
Suicidal thoughts and fear of death.	i genuinely wish i had never been born.	i am afraid to take my own life, so i am stuck waiting for cancer to make me face my own mortality while causing me indescribable agony all at once.
Obesity and Legislative Impact on Healthy Alternatives.	point being, obesity only runs rampant in the united states because legislature is not there to deflate the cost of healthy alternatives.	leptin , stress level cortisol , illness, medications such as some psych meds , proper thyroid and hypothalamus function, sex hormone levels, and other triggers.
Limitations of philosophy and mathematics in understanding truth.	philosophy has no defense against counter intuitive truths such as  objects have a probabilistic rather than a defined set of characteristics .	wat ? philosophers are confined to defining things intuitively ? how so ? is there some scale of  how much has this done to revolutionize our understanding of truth  that i am not aware of ? at best, this is a criticism of certain branches of philosophy, but not decision theory, logic etc.
Criticism of Oppression Model in Social Phenomena	the model works okay for explaining a lot of social phenomena, but is inherently simplistic usually requiring an oppressing group and an oppressed group.	that is exactly what is being taught; it is mainstream academic thought.
Criticism of environmental hypocrisy regarding private jet usage.	there is no hypocrisy, because no one is advocating the ban of private jets.	since when is giving up private jets and yachts a  vow of poverty  ? all we are asking is that they put themselves in our shoes before advocating policies that will not affect them; they can maintain their lifestyle despite the cost of energy.
The Benefits and Limitations of Cruises	i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, you should go on a cruise.	in fact, not all large cities you can take a cruise to are on the coast, either see: paris.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	women are seen as weak and vulnerable.
Casual sex and its effects on society.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	the last three girlfriends i had all began as awkward one night stands that i did not initially think would go anywhere.
Rights of criminals and penal system.	yes, you forfeit certain rights when you commit a crime.	it means you pay the price for what you did.
Economics and Leftism.	leftist culture demonizes capitalism, which is the mechanism by which one attains material security in our society.	canada has cheaper health care per capita than the us in health related taxes alone that is, before your costs for insurance and we are all covered.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	i strongly believe in equality, but i can certainly see the distinction.
Purpose of movie trailers.	movie trailers have only one motive: sell tickets to the movie.	ideally, that goal is parallel to my goal of watching good movies.
Comparison of intellectual merit between reading and watching.	reading something like  fifty shades of grey  is not intellectually superior to watching something like  hiroshima mon amour.	there are both intellectual and non intellectual books and movies.
Negative effects of vomiting on health.	i did not gain nor lose any weight doing this.	the beauty comes from a shift in valuation of food you will have.
Opinions on homosexuality.	homosexuality: a much less arguable point, i believe.	to clarify, the view i am trying to change is that it is appropriate to group homosexuality with those other issues in the first place.
Gender identity and biological sex.	the things that define what a  aman  is is essentially a penis, and likewise, a vagina for a woman anatomically and scientifically .	the pain of being trans is that you ca not experience what it is to be the gender with which you identify but you want to and you feel it would be more natural or right for you to experience the world that way.
Sick leave and vacation time.	i am required to use my vacation leave when i am sick.	while it is easy to view this as  sick leave eating into your vacation time , it is more accurately  just  weeks of leave, regardless of purpose.
Religion's dual nature as conservative and revolutionary.	religion, in nature, is conservative and/or reactionary.	charity, compassion, meekness, forgiveness are heavily taught.
Religion's Influence on Creating a Secular Society	their history is too inextricably linked with religion to create a long term secular society.	exploration of other continents, the printing press, the fall of constantinople and the resulting influx of ancient knowledge and ideas.
Dangers of religion and ideology.	religion and ideology can cause normal people to do horrible things.	that is because for every shithead  areligious  person doing shitty things, people can find thousands more that do not do a damn thing.
Grading methods in classes.	the grading is qualitative, rather than quantitative.	i am a grader for a biology class, and there is a large amount of subjectivity in a seemingly objective subject.
The admiration of reading compared to other media consumption.	i am especially interested to see if anyone can explain why reading is  admirable.	it is important to note that reading is truly preferable to many people, rather than an attempt to cling to something antiquated because  it is harder and old and therefore better.
Anti-abortion argument and its weakness.	the chief anti abortion argument is that fetuses are alive.	pregnancy is essentially blood donation, and by aborting she would be acting in self defense.
Polyamory and the selfishness of true love.	the argument was that polyamory, where love is shared, could not be real because true love is selfish.	is this true ? is this how most monogamous people feel ? the answers are no, it is not true, that is one single persons opinion and a poor one at that.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	there is no strain on your eyes.
Gender and Sentencing Disparities.	furthermore, adolescent boys are often physically bigger and stronger than older women, so feelings of coercion in that respect are not as pronounced if the genders were switched.	rape is rape regardless of the genders involved, and a society should never use unsubstantiated pseudo scientific generalizations about gender to inform criminal sentencing.
Spoilers and their impact on people.	if you do not care about the show, why get all uppity if you now know the ending ?	example: friend quit watching a show after a few episodes, called it boring.
Fraternity discrimination against gay members.	the same goes for people who are gay there are some who are opposed to gay members and others who are not.	if they indeed prevent membership based on sexuality i expect they would be kicked off campus.
Fraternity discrimination against gay members.	the same goes for people who are gay there are some who are opposed to gay members and others who are not.	i suspect that there is never a case where a fraternity explicitly states that they did not allow a particular person to join because they were gay, but rather simply made it uncomfortable for the person until they quit.
Police brutality and use of deadly force.	seriously, if the cop was a sick fuck and gets a boner shooting up black people, he could have done so in a secluded area at night when no one was around.	if the cop in question did not know about the robbery, he was not justified in using deadly force.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	ban religion if you like, but the problems you are pointing out here can be caused by just about anything that someone clings onto strongly enough.
The ethics of piracy and its impact on producers.	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	the obvious issue the only one that matters and is the root of all that is wrong with your point of view here is that you are stealing from people and if they ca not make money then they go out of business.
Police shooting of Michael Brown.	michael brown was selected at random by the officer.	it sounds like there was some kind of struggle, and that the officer had some kind of facial injury, but whether or not force was justified is still almost entirely speculation at this point.
Criticism of computer-edited music genres.	also, the computer fixed vocals and edited instruments just does not make these people any more like able.	and that might not be your cup of tea but i assure you there is plenty of rap that is not like that.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	but assuming he did, there is a really simple answer: he created  this  universe for humans.
Distracted driving and car safety warnings.	not being able to hear warnings their car is giving them.	i almost always see the lights before i hear it.
Monogamy and Sexual Attraction.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	to break this promise is a betrayal of trust and dedication, and often leads to lies.
Criticism of Obama's handling of racial tensions.	i think people are very quick to judge someone is actions, obama is recent criticisms along with the martin, brown, and garner, as specific intentions of race baiting.	polls show that americans believe race relations have become worse URL under this president  i do not see what obama has left to gain at this point.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	some persons, myself included, will probably find number  easier in an open relationship, but i am sure there are just as many who feel the contrary.
Regretting tattoos from a life-changing retreat.	anyway, my view is simply that tattoos are just not a good idea.	i know many people who went on a  life changing  retreat who got tattoos of the symbol that is generally used on the retreat, but most of those people severely regretted their decision a few years later.
Criticism of blaming whites for problems in Detroit.	i am treated like a kkk member when i criticize black people.	basically you need to think of this like a chicken egg problem.
Social contract and punishment for breaking it.	i believe that everyone of us that lives in a society has tacitly agreed to a social contract and to abide by the society is laws.	life in prison without parole would also achieve the same end: permanently removing them from society.
Wealth and happiness	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	familiarize yourself with the concept of opportunity cost before you say there is not any reason to pursue wealth to the exclusion of other things.
The chemical changes in the brain when becoming a parent.	when you become a parent, your brain chemistry changes and you biochemically become a completely different person.	please remember though, that all of my stated benefits to having children can be gained by helping to raise any children.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	but regardless of what  we  are doing to the planet, there is the very real possibility of  nature  destroying our living environment.
Moral significance of animals and their killing for enjoyment.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	as you have presented it, your view is not sufficiently supported.
Debate on Republican stance on abortion.	on a similar note, republicans would also like to take away the ability to have safe, clean abortions from my friends who are ciswomen.	if we take off the edge cases of rape and life threatening pregnancies   of abortions are quality of life for the maternal and/or paternal persons choices and is seen as murder.
Helmet use for cyclists compared to aviation requirements.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	the evidence that seatbelts achieve a net reduction of physical injury is much stronger than the evidence that helmets achieve a net reduction of physical injury.
Middle East and colonization.	i think we need to basically recolonize the middle east.	other western nations can, i am sure, figure out cheaper and more reasonable options than militarily engaging and invading  countries.
Dangers of religion and ideology.	religion and ideology can cause normal people to do horrible things.	and compare those to practicing muslims in western europe, north america, turkey, and indonesia.
Financial stability and selling out.	when you obviously have enough to be financially stable, everything after that is pure greed and no matter how great your work was in the past, the fact that you have lost your values undermines it.	all of these definitions concern a party individual or group that goes against their own beliefs solely to benefit themselves.
Debate on Republican stance on abortion.	on a similar note, republicans would also like to take away the ability to have safe, clean abortions from my friends who are ciswomen.	there is no way one group of policies could suffice for all of us.
The use of spanking as a punishment for children.	spanking is the universal  ultimate punishment  for a child.	your version of light physical abuse teaches the same lesson but to a lesser extent.
Personal growth and sexual experience.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	all my life i suffered from lack of sexual/social success, i was not confident, i did not know how to deal with people around me and i basically reverted to being a nice guy, which is something people   pop culture advocates through advice, movies, selective presentation by the media and so forth.
Criticism of blaming whites for problems in Detroit.	i am treated like a kkk member when i criticize black people.	URL  how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ? see above  how come we just keep blaming whites for everything ? do you have any examples of reputable publications or people blaming  whites  for the state of detroit ? usually economic factors get the blame, which seems pretty reasonable to me.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	there is nothing illogical about being a christian.
Age requirements for military service and drinking.	i also believe that if you are old enough to serve your country and die in the military, you are sure as hell old enough to drink a beer.	at , you are still a dumb kid fresh out of high school, where they rope you into joining the military instead of going to college by making it sound financially beneficial.
Representation of LGBTQ and minority groups in media.	we do live in a hetero normative society.	who gets to decide what characters and behaviors are representative of lgbtq folks ? what roles do they play ? are they doing the same things as everyone else or specials things that show the value of lgbtq folks in society ? what about asexuals and koreans, there are definitely not enough koreans on tv and when they are, there playing starcraft or launching cyber attacks.
The importance of a marketplace of ideas for abortion rights.	what can i possibly say of any value about abortion rights ?	you ca not replace that marketplace with opinion by decree from those who have informed experience but reject the idea that they ought to be subject to criticism.
Rights of criminals and penal system.	yes, you forfeit certain rights when you commit a crime.	i feel like you do not have a particularly good grasp of criminals, crime or the penal system judging by most of what you say here.
Acting and Hollywood roles.	same is true with a lot of modern art.	there are degrees of complexity in music and you did say most, so i grant you that , but then, not everyone is into complex music.
The importance of informed decision-making and avoiding indecision.	as one can make the most informed decision with all information and research that is available, why be rash.	deliberation is good, but action more often than not is better than inaction.
Tattoos and Employment.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	who told you that ? and if no body you know regrets their tattoo why is that bad ? so what ? i have a tattoo on my leg of a sketch of a scottish thistle that my grandmother gave me before she died.
Real names and consequences for online behavior.	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	an internet without anonymity is not the  internet.
Misunderstanding of Peer Review	because of this, we waste millions chasing after results a simple bit of peer review could have definitively ruled out for a fraction of the cost.	you have actually identified a real problem not enough work being done on replicating positive results or publishing negative results , but this is not because novel research is over funded or maybe it is , it is more because the type of research you favor is not funded when it is proposed.
Discussion about mainstream music artists and Nicki Minaj's talent.	say all you want about iggy being talentless and mediocre which can be said about most mainstream popular music artists and performers, what can i say ?	also nicki did not come out and say anything to iggy, she just said that she writes her own rhymes, and tweeted something that was ambiguous.
Media Bias and Fabrication of Events.	when media outlets have nothing better to do than say a reporter was inconvenienced by police i. e.	sometimes a reporter is failing to respect basic safety, but not always.
Suggesting improvements for user interface design.	far more useful, imho, would be something like a better implemented version of those osx springy things in the dock a popup always on top file browser window toggled on or off with a button in the dock/startbar/etc, defaulting to your documents folder.	maybe you should reconfigure your machine if that arrangement bothers you so much i would hate to see how you would react to symbolic links.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	this means that in most jurisdictions including china is they would have to give   years of notice enough time for the market to react as they know exactly what tonnage will not be placed on the market which they assumed would.
The pitfalls of researching atheism and religion online.	there are a thousand places, a million internet hits, which one can browse to discover facts on the athiesm/religion debate and even the specific subtopic that was discussed yesterday.	if nobody is watching, it is surprisingly easy to say  no, i do not believe that.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	back in the s, release options for game devs were severely limited.
Environmental impact of personal lifestyle choices.	or explain to me how replacing my light bulbs impacts oil subsidies or going vegetarian changes industrial farming practices.	you do that because that is something you can change easily within your own household.
Criticism of Welfare System and Natural Selection	currently, i see our welfare system as a slap in the face to survival of the fittest.	i am  sure if she was denied welfare one day, she would be homless or leeching off family.
Importance of Happiness vs Money	doing what makes you happy is just as important as making money.	this is very possible if you do not fall into hippie/glamour traps.
The social effects of identifying as a gamer.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	sure, there are mmos that require teamwork, but i do not believe they can mimic the physical sacrifice and the emotion of interaction with others on a field/court/other playing surface.
Inconsistency with Student Devices and When They're Needed	secondly, lack of consistency with students  devices would cause confusion.	not having access to technology will never make it impossible for you to participate in school, as most schools will always have the necessary provided.
Perception and Limitations.	the truth is, our perception of our environment is very limited.	unless you believe that it is by chance or magic or some other force that make computers tick, then we have made accurate predictions about reality.
Feminism and Egalitarianism in Golf Club Membership.	now, while i consider myself a feminist, i consider myself more so an egalitarian and i believe that all people should be treated equally.	should testicular cancer support groups be forced to admit women ? should sororities be forced to admit men and fraternities forced to admit women ? should the black jewels ladies golf association be forced to let dudes play with them ? should the yale club be required to admit alumni from suny schools ? i mean, freedom of association is still a thing, no ? so, if a fitness club is truly private that is, there are no facilities rented out to the public, no  open hours  where non members can pay a fee for limited access, no public restaurant or educational services, receives no government subsidies, and the club follows employment law, then i see no reason why men only or women only fitness clubs should not exist.
Political activism through contacting representatives.	everyone on reddit here says,  email your senator and fill out complaints !	but i think that does not do jack shit.
Dangers of religion and ideology.	religion and ideology can cause normal people to do horrible things.	even declaring yourself a nazi and donning a swastika does not make you a genocidal maniac, or a gas chamber operator.
Snoop Dogg criticizing a young rapper's skills.	now snoop is one of the few active og, why the fuck is he gonna go diss a young rapper ?	i know you do not know much about rappers and rap, but did you mean nicki ? who is nikki ? btw nicki is probably the best female out there right now she won the best female in hip hop from bet for the th year in a row this year.
Education and student freedom in course selection.	students need to be given more freedom in their choices of classes, ect.	criminal ? i think that schools should not be this place where a whole bunch of inherently unique kids are forcefully thrown into a normalizing box and then literally legally forced to recite mundane facts and information that will be of virtually no use to them in the future, then let society label it as  education.
Idealizing people and breaking down stereotypes.	back then i believed there was a distinction between party rats and nice girls, and she seemed to embody essentially everything about the  nice girl .	or if you cared about her at all, then you could have just told her that you did not like it that she canceled her plans.
Legalization of Racism and its Impact on Free Market	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	they will label minorities as the  other , because minorities will indeed become the  other  when you have absolutely no experience with them i think that you could find quite a few examples of businesses that use racist policies now, and do not do all that well.
Scottish independence and national debt.	an argument i have heard is that if uk are not willing to share the , then scotland is under no moral obligation to pay back the debts.	so a better analogy would be  i will only take on my share of the debt if i get my share of our family business.
The quality of humor in comic strips.	the comic is comedy or sentimental value is also objectively low.	it is made for mature adults with responsibility, who have made sacrifices and generally are disillusioned with things.
Online dating and shopping similarities.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	people already do that.
Controversy surrounding Arvo in a video game.	we all love lee even though he did something just as bad; we ca not judge arvo for what little we have seen of him especially in his state.	nevertheless, despite all the actions arvo has taken against the group, they still try to help him.
Existence of a Creator.	how do we know that beyond what we know, there is not a creator ?	since there is  absolutely no evidence  for intelligent creation, it can be assumed that there is no creator.
Negative effects of derogatory humor on stereotypes.	derogatory humor also helps perpetuate negative stereotypes about groups that often deal with these preconceived ideas on a regular basis already.	secondly, where do you draw the line as to what is too offensive ? you say homophobia/racism is too bad, what about short people jokes ? jokes about the elderly ? where do you draw the line ? it is too arbitrary.
Debate on the importance of bodily autonomy.	and somehow  body autonomy  is some concept to be held high.  barf.	causing an involuntary abortion ? you are harming the ba of the mother, who invested effort and resources in growing the fetus.
Philosophy on Asceticism and Personal Responsibility.	most people are not, and should not be, ascetics who withdraw from the world.	if you are upset, it is because there is something wrong with you, not because you have been wronged.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	trusting these big isps to do what is right for the consumer is foolish.
Feminism's Impact on Women's Happiness.	the view i would like to be challenged is this: the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	while they earn more than they used to, and have more opportunities to succeed in their life, they have become unhappier.
Lack of innovation in long-lived game franchises.	cod does not really have anything astoundingly different from other games of the same genre.	so for cod, rather than making radical changes to the new titles and risk straying from the current format they stick with a tried and true formula.
Leadership and National Priorities.	to be successful at this, a government needs to keep a focus on the nation first, then the people, and only then any other nations or peoples.	in the mean time, their complete lack of moral sense means they think nothing of antagonizing and belittling people who might otherwise be of great value to them.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	but if a writer does this frequently they run the risk of having a single descriptor standing in for multiple things.
Morality and free will in relation to God.	i will not entertain the idea that morality is relative.	even if i did embrace total moral relativism i would be hard pressed to look at my whole life and find no moral mistakes.
Police protection gear	police can wear teflon vests and other armor to protect themselves.	hell, even some handgun calibers and rounds can penetrate them.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if i were to drive at the speed limit, i would be a road hazard.	actually if everyone drove the same speed  / a few mph traffic would run flawlessly.
The Definition of Sports and Extracurricular Activities.	now, for some reason, there has been a strange push in the last decade or so to define just about any and all extracurricular activities as sports, especially in high schools.	it has one of the highest injury rates for any school athletic activity, and this is because it is defined as an activity, not a sport.
Wedding ring expenses.	the idea that you should spend half or more of a yearly income on a wedding ring is the most disgusting financial advice i have ever heard.	i make right at the median income and as a single person i had more than enough to put  to whatever i wanted.
Discussion on Objectivity and Taxpayer's Money	i do not care about the financial aspect on tax payers either.	also, you are starting too many points with  i do not care  as if personal apathy were some kind of defense of your view.
Abortion and Risky Pregnancies.	rape   risky pregnancies make up only a fraction of total abortions.	abortion is not always about not wanting the responsibility of carrying a child to term as i have discussed, it can also be about preserving the mental health of the mother.
School liability waivers.	in my school, for example, in order to attend we have to sign waivers.	the thing to consider is that the school is responsible for your care and well being while you attend.
Religion and the concept of God.	if god created us in his image, why is he considered good when we are a violent species ?	if you are all powerful, you obviously should be able to restrict your own powers.
Pickup truck usage.	most of the pickup trucks i saw where not carrying a massive load, there was just a person in the truck.	for this reason, i felt like it would be a waste of space to have extra seats that i usually did not use instead of more cargo space.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	school is mandatory because it is important to learn before you have the weight of the world on your generation is shoulders.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	and because there is no competition, they create a data cap which i pay overages for.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	in physics and higher level math the right answer is very important.
Police officers' good and bad acts.	for every bad act a police officer is caught doing, i am sure there are thousands of more good acts.	given that, there are  tons  of television and media that praise the position of law enforcement.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	as you reverse and begin turning the wheel back to center, you will see the angle of the lines shifting in relation to your car.
Unselfishness in Embracing Partner's Sexual Desires.	the ability to embrace your partners acts of desire is the truly unselfish act.	sexual desires do not define us, and denying them does not harm our well being.
Morality and free will in relation to God.	i will not entertain the idea that morality is relative.	we all do bad things.
Environmental impact of personal lifestyle choices.	or explain to me how replacing my light bulbs impacts oil subsidies or going vegetarian changes industrial farming practices.	for dealing with oil subsidies, you will need political action.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	all it takes is a little practice.
Men's desire for sex and prostitution.	one reason i believe this, is that men patronize prostitutes in significant numbers and men are willing to trade things of real value like money in order to get sex.	actually, i have read a lot on how libido is supported in women from strength training because of the increase in free testosterone that is released as a part of the hormonal response to the physical stress brought on by resistance training.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	more specific issues: mace: very limited range, limited effectiveness.
Musical talent comparison between Page and Peart.	no one picks up a guitar and shreds solos like page.	people connect with that performer on an emotional level, they admire what they represent and express through their music.
Use of the N-word in Black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	you are not part of the black culture, so you do not decide this.
Consequences of universal maxims.	by considering whether something ought to be a universal maxim, we are already considering the consequences of that thing being a universal law.	the consequences are utterly irrelevant.
Perception of police by law-abiding citizens.	for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	in the few encounters i  have  had with police in my adult life, the cop have, in my opinion, been trying to assert their authority inappropriately i.
Importance of lectures and exams in academic performance.	the recommended textbook should only used as a study aid, not as a replacement for lectures.	but also the points you get from doing the homework insulate you from a potentially bad test grade.
Israel's invasion of Gaza.	and the invasion of gaza is unjustified as well as impractical.	israel policies: early warning alert systems and the iron dome make israelis incredibly safe.
Debate on Monogamy vs. Open Relationships.	more over, the reasons for being monogamous are exclusively character flaws related to the items mentioned above, or outright ignorance about non monogamy, about stis, etc .	i have learned that i cannot get that emotional high from encounters with people i do not love.
Legalization of Racism and Free Market Reaction.	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	non violent social pressure such as boycotts are totally a valid tool.
Batman's Mass Assault on Bane with Fatal Consequences.	in dkr batman organizes a mass assault on bane, knowing the police are using guns, and bane is troops are using guns, which leads to a lot of deaths.	but ! again, batman is not a self righteous prick about his  personal  code.
Discouraging pride in one's heritage and focusing on personal achievements.	you should not be proud that you are asian, white, black, or hispanic.	people hold racist ideas in terms of superiority based on how their race is viewed.
Monogamy and ethical considerations in relationships.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	we pair off because raising offspring takes a significant amount of resources.
Dealing with a friend's personal problems.	i think her problems are due to her own issues, and its unreasonable for her to drag me into her own problems.	is your sister justified in being a dick to you about your friend if she does not like him ? .
Economic Benefits of Increasing Population.	explain to me why the average person benefits from an increasing population like many economists say ?	when the supply of workers is high, the wages will be lower.
The drawbacks of seeking justice through legal means.	at times, seeking justice through legal means can also be psychologically, professionally, personally or even physically damaging to the victim.	even if the law could grant justice in this hypothetical case, if it would cause more harm to the victim to use the law, it is right to seek justice outside of the law, and wrong to seek it using the law.
Disgust sensitivity and violence.	i think liberals feel more disgust over violence and blood for example.	for example, people completing haidt is disgust sensitivity instrument are asked how disgusting they find the following situations:    question .
Superficiality in Dating and Social Settings	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	people go there because they want sex not because they want a longterm relationship.
Challenges faced by atheists in society.	no one knows what your religious views are unless you tell them.	there are more than a few threads on r/atheism about kids being kicked out of their houses, people being ostracized or even fired from jobs, and so forth.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	voldemort for the most part stays in hiding because the ministry and dumbledore could kill him if they knew where he was.
Controversy over justifying genocide and celebrating Columbus Day.	we are taught in our schools that genocide is justifiable and acceptable if we get something in return or are not disadvantaged by trying to solve for it.	europeans suggested that the native culture was inferior and that the destroying it actually benefited the native people.
Bicycling restrictions and safety concerns.	then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	because they helped pay for the roads, so why would not they be entitled to use something their money paid for ? and how are they  entitled  when the by laws say thats where they should be ?.
Online bullying and negativity towards celebrities.	tldr: people should not shit on other people for no reason; even if the person you are shitting on is undeserving of fame, does not have talent, or whatever, there is still not a good reason to shit on someone.	they would not play the victim on social media.
School liability waivers.	in my school, for example, in order to attend we have to sign waivers.	i ca not imagine this is legally binding.
Surveillance and Free Speech	years down the road, people expressing negative thoughts about the president will be seen as a  national threat , giving the government legal means to seize them.	why are not they being seized now ? the government would not even have to collect their metadata their opinions are on a public forum.
Sexual desire and gender differences.	but, in general i believe that men at large are more desiring of sex.	i think they would like to enjoy sex as much as men do but they are ensnared by cultural / religious hangups.
Violence and Self-Defense.	but once violence happens, walking away simply is not an option anymore.	we are both telling you that violence is a choice.
The War on Christmas and Religious Inclusivity.	the real goal of the  war on christmas  is to claim ownership of the end of the year, and pressure others to only acknowledge the christian holiday and exclude all others.	but then the other side is fighting to either claim ownership of their own holidays, to embrace inclusiveness, or to secularize christmas which is a process that is well on its way.
Benefits of taking morning showers.	you do not sweat nearly as much during the night.	maybe i am weird, but i sweat more at night.
Qualifications for Political Office	most of our presidents had never actually been a governor, many were senators, representatives, or even soldiers.	harry truman was not an  intern.
Soldiers opposing fascism in a different time.	the soldiers who gave their lives in that conflict can legitimately be seen as laying their lives down to oppose fascism and protect some basic institutions of human freedom.	to the core, it is a war that ended large monarchies in europe.
Depression as a Motivator	all you are doing is numbing the pain of the real world.	while i agree with the premise that many people is depression is caused by their satisfaction with life, that is no reason not to use medicine.
Racism and Society's Segregation.	tell me why the society that condones racism is  better , especially for minorities.	you would have to define  condones  because i fear you are suggesting libertarians argue that laws ought favor one race over another, which unequivocally goes against the libertarian ideal.
Discussion on sexuality and LGBTQ+ events.	however, when i go to gay pride, i notice the whole thing is very sexual with lewd performances and so on.	i have also heard that mardi gras is pretty much a gay pride parade although i ca not know for sure, not being american.
Benefits of being overweight in social interactions.	i have found being overweight allows me to more quickly understand another person i am interacting with.	that person was only rude to be because i am fat   i would have gotten that promotion if i wasnt fat  third, even if you were correct and you use your fatness to read people, then this would lead you to the obvious conclusion that people treat you as a fat person more poorly than they would treat you if you were fit.
The War on Christmas and Exclusion.	the most offensive part of the  war on christmas  is one group trying to exclude all others.	to those of us who have no issue with inclusion, yes.
Faking wealth.	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	that is what you want, not money.
Role of government in a democracy.	no one should force choices for others.	outside of completely isolating every human being from every other human being, this is functionally impossible.
Gender representation in politics.	is less women in politics even an issue ?	i am a woman programmer people try to tell me all the time  maybe girls just do not like programming  but that is not true in my experience.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	a person who creates such a risk but is unaware thereof solely by reason of voluntary intoxication also acts recklessly with respect thereto.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	you have not made any argument as to how or why that would be the case.
Hamas rejection of peace and Israel's retaliation.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	with the main goal of hamas being to destroy israel; israel has the right to neutralize hamas to ensure the safety of israeli citizens.
Homophobia and peace.	you speak of peace yet not everyone has come to think well of homosexuals.	you can disagree with peoples choices or views but the point of peace is that you do not act in a violent or discriminatory way.
Economic progress and potential job loss.	If the policy is implemented, workers will have nowhere to go but to the unemployment line.	there is no reason in particular to believe one is impending.
Consumer behavior towards movie theaters and home theaters.	second, and more importantly, as consumer behaviors change to favor streaming in home theaters as opposed to going to movie theaters and building home libraries stubbornly limiting your best content to only the old distribution channels has never kept consumers from adopting new behaviors.	also, the  need  to get out of the house and hang out will always be there.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	the writer intended to point out that the police need a warrant, not the reader and the  you  is what caused the confusion.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	the benefit in this regard to video games is that the anti social kid can digest smaller interactions under their own favored circumstances, and without doing it face to face.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	john doe has an easier time establishing an import/export business in one of these countries, improving the lives of everybody involved.
Importance of Industry Experience in Politics.	we will finally be able to have smart politicians instead of popular politicians in office.	the  contributions  of super wealthy business leaders are actually a sum of the contributions of the workers below them.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	that men and women who are sure they will never want kids have the opportunity to go for birth control that has the greatest chance of preventing pregnancy.
Importance of taking a day off on your birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	i guess it depends on how your parents raised you but for me and in my family a birthday of anyone my parents, brother or myself is an important day and even if we do not invite people we celebrate it.
Coursework procrastination and monitoring.	some students see the deadline of the coursework and decide to start doing the coursework on that day.	i think it is not reasonable for you to monitor and grade their progress.
Criticism of Desktop Design.	as far as i can see, the desktop is a hodgepodge of bad ideas all rolled together.	once you realise just how difficult it is you might have more of an appreciation for what we currently have.
Disabling Ads and Payment Methods.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	so really, how much of this conversation is about the ethical basis for blocking ads, and how much is based on where to draw the line about what we block or boycott ? for an example of boycotting, let me reference a facebook app.
Psychedelic plant extracts and their effects on abstract thinking.	dmt the method  ayahuasca  which involved mixing two specific plant extracts together to allow the proper absorption of dmt similar to lsd but naturally occurring in a number of living things .	i think you have just neatly phrased your own counterargument: you are claiming that abstract thinking comes from the mixing of two plant abstracts.
Evaluation of Economic Policies	his recovery act almost single handedly saved the economy from a depression saving main street, and completing the unpopular tarp bill saved wall street.	obama bungled that one badly.
Corporate Responsibility and Accountability.	because of the nature of corporations, there can be situations where the corporation caused injury or death to a person yet no one person actually made a decision that knowingly caused it.	people make decisions and call themselves corporations.
Legalization of Racism and its Impact on Free Market	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	if they wanted to advertise ? great ! now i can never go there again.
Racism and Society's Segregation.	tell me why the society that condones racism is  better , especially for minorities.	what a grim outlook on society.
US military spending and losing wars.	and despite spending exponentially more than other countries on our military, we keep losing wars.	why ? that is what happens when you try to use the military to solve cultural or political problems.
Prioritization and Counseling for Social Dysfunction.	in addition to that, power, respect and a fame of sorts are my priorities too.	if you are clear of that, then you should pursue it.
Parasitism in the financial system.	when financial wizards who contribute nothing of value for the nation are able to capture increasingly more of the nation is productivity for themselves at the expense of everyone else, that is parasitism.	capital is re directed from the rent seekers to the borrowers.
The importance of a stable household for a child's success.	in order for a child to be sucessful, he/she needs to be raised in a stable household economically, socially, and emotionally.	growing up with divorced parents sucked, but it sucked less than living with parents who hate each other.
Balancing Work and Personal Life	i do not eat excessively or drink lots of beer at weekend social gatherings.	and if i do not actively want to do it, chances are i wo not do it, so a gym membership is a straight up drain on my bank account for no benefit.
Hamas rejection of peace and Israel's retaliation.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	then when natives stop being peaceful, they use that as an excuse for the mountain of dead little old ladies.
Professional jurors and their qualifications.	people who have a degree in law, or pass some sort of intelligence related test can enter in as applicants for professional jurors.	i will start off with this point, because i think it matters most and strikes at the heart of importance of our admittedly fallible jury by peers system.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	you have to watch the front left of the car and the right rear at the same time to make sure you are not hitting your adjacent parking buddies.
Corporate liability for death and officer bans.	death: any and all officers active at the time of the incident are permanently banned from participating in that corporation.	usually, it is not worth the time, trouble, and money to do so, but should anything like this ever get enacted, it would be ridiculously easy to protect yourself.
Challenges of being a feminist ally.	if i identify as a feminist ally and mainstream feminism decides to go off the deep end, my ally status nevertheless shackles me to a movement over which i have no influence.	i do not know how to dissuade you from complete non sequiturs.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	however, a spouse who does not work for a wage usually still does housework.
Obama's defense of Sony's cyber bullying of Kim Jong Un.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	furthermore, this guy is a world leader with the resources of a nation at his disposal.
Gifted Education in Societies with Intellectualism Promotion	societies that promote intellectualism ought to promote gifted programs.	challenging  is not the responsibility of public education system.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	the problem with europe may stem from it being is so vast not by today is standards , that political, cultural, and economic identities for the various regions developed beyond strict adherence to the present day integration.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	if i have someone is name, birthday, and the last four of someone is social well, you are screwed.
Defining American White Culture and Stereotypical Black Culture.	i would define american white culture as separate from  black  culture as the stereotypical black  thug life  culture.	as long as you accept all the negative aspects of stereotypical american culture as aspects of your so called american white culture, sure.
Inherent cognitive biases and misinterpretation of data.	i cannot be sure that i am not inherently designed in a way that forces me to believe falsehoods and misinterpret experiential data.	tautologies are true by definition, a tautology will be something like  , which can never be false.
Morality and free will in relation to God.	i will not entertain the idea that morality is relative.	if lying is wrong, then telling the story is wrong.
Subjectivity in Art and Music Valuation	in the marketplace, art is value tends not to be based on the amount of time taken to create it.	effort and creativity play a big role in high school art.
Benefits and goals of weightlifting.	i do not see a benefit in being able to lift more weight than my hands will support.	for many, the point of weightlifting is to tone and grow their muscles.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	teach teens and young adults what is or is not healthy behavior/thought and how to get help.
Accuracy of biblical laws and the role of scribes.	laws were written specifically due to the times and the people in them.	are the events described in the bible where these laws are transcribed inaccurate in your view ? if so, how do we know the words of jesus are accurate here ? why do you ignore the fact that scribes  write things down  ? hypothetically, if moses was really acting as a scribe for a god, that god could ask him what he wrote, yes ? what would moses say ? maybe something like,  i wrote what you told me to write.
Comparison of rap lyrics to other genres.	there are plenty of examples given from rappers who are very conscious and clever, but even those hardly ever say anything i feel holds a candle to good lyrics from other genres.	if you do not have experience with these kinds of things, then you may relate more to lyrics about love or relationships majority of songs are about this topic because of it is ubiquity to the human experience.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	murder while committing robbery , or a couple other circumstances that do not apply.
Racial division and forced relocation due to trade sanctions.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	you are assuming that a significant portion of the majority race would be part of the racist camp.
Opting out of Social Security and its consequences.	i firmly believe that there should be a law allowing anyone who wishes to opt out of social security to do so.	if we did this, nobody would participate except a few poor people, so basically we would be screwing over poor people.
Financial stability and selling out.	when you obviously have enough to be financially stable, everything after that is pure greed and no matter how great your work was in the past, the fact that you have lost your values undermines it.	you refuted that it is  compromising one is art for money , which is what i would define it as.
Comparison of intellectual merit between reading and watching.	reading something like  fifty shades of grey  is not intellectually superior to watching something like  hiroshima mon amour.	however, if someone watches a lot of classic or foreign movies, we do not have that same smart mindset about them.
Debate on Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	third, it is not at all necessary for all members of a species to be actively involved in reproduction in order for the species to flourish.
Importance of Applied Math Education in Early Grades.	sure, many careers need higher math but that can wait until college.	instead, math should segue into applied math after grade school or middle school, in which people learn about such things as keeping budgets, balancing a bank account, figuring out interest, and so on.
Automation and the Role of the State in Robot Ownership	eventually, all the jobs will theoretically be gone, then all of the robots need to be owned by the state, otherwise the majority of the populace become nothing more than the property of those that own the robots.	why do robots make people unable to find jobs.
Anarchism vs Current System	in the current system, we have the choice between two systems.	i do not really see how people are not presently forced to live in a capitalist system the same way you are saying anarchism would force a system on everybody.
Accountability for civilian casualties in Gaza.	israel should not be held accountable for civilian casualties in gaza when hamas is actively trying to increase civilian casualties by firing missiles out of civilian buildings.	are you suggesting israel is not at all culpable for any deaths in the gaza bombing campaign ? the person firing the shot has some role to play in the death they cause after all.
Musical talent comparison between Page and Peart.	no one picks up a guitar and shreds solos like page.	yet the vocalists in many bands are by far the most famous members.
Perception of police by law-abiding citizens.	for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	when cops are abusive, they need to be held accountable as individuals.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	mildly off topic.
Importance of taking a day off on birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	what happens when they are not scheduled is  not their responsibility, it is yours.
Learning from reality TV shows.	lessons of trust, betrayal the art of deception can be learned from shows such as big brother and survivor.	can i find something to make you look how i want in  minutes within a  day period ? i think so.
Police brutality and lynching.	the purpose of lynching is to terrorize a minority community.	when you single out someone from a group at random and then murder that individual because they failed to show you proper respect that meets my idea of a lynching.
Debate on the Feasibility of Socialism in Europe.	i am not trying to say socialism ca not work.	even outside of the recession, they have a comparable standard of living to the us.
Improvement in quality of life, technology, and crime rate.	the quality of life is increasing, technology is improving, and crime is falling.	hence, growing incarceration   this idea that society is degenerating seems like a myth, spurred on by nostalgia.
Controversial stance on birth control and reproduction.	therefore i would like to see methods of preventing birth like birth control and abortion illegalized, along with a legal requirement to reproduce.	is it wrong for me to assume that you do not have the anatomy to give birth to a child ? i cannot imagine that someone who is capable of giving birth would advocate for forced birth.
Criticism of Desktop Design.	as far as i can see, the desktop is a hodgepodge of bad ideas all rolled together.	the desktop is nothing more than a folder that is rendered by the system as a background on which files and links can be placed.
Properties of pi.	yet the digits of pi are never ending and never repeating.	we have no particular reason to believe that pi must have all possible number combinations in it.
Preventing teen pregnancies and dropouts.	we could spend more time teaching safe sex and avoiding teen pregnancies, which lead to drop outs.	and all of that applies to homosexuality and other sexual practices.
Making informed decisions versus immediate decisions.	others have the incentive of going with immediate decisions without making an informed choice, which i would reason, ends up in regret.	and the more time you lose, the less opportunity you have.
Clock industry decline.	but those clocks have been in a decline for a long time now.	digital clocks are better since its faster to read the minutes as a number.
Advantages of digital clocks over traditional clocks.	but those clocks have been in a decline for a long time now.	if that were the case, the sbb would not use analog clocks.
Grading methods in classes.	the grading is qualitative, rather than quantitative.	despite that, they graded me on the same scale as people who struggled in that subject.
Gender identity and biological sex.	basically, i think that our mind whilst in a biological body that is structured a certain way is not  amale  or  female  in itself.	for example, a woman who  feels  they are a man because of their private, subjective experience as a thinking person is basing this off a sexist idea of how men  are.
Amorality of Company Actions.	any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	if this is the basis for sociopathic behavior, then we are all sociopaths.
Comparison of economic opportunities between USA and Switzerland.	us policies reduce its citizens economic and opportunities.	we all get together, sail around in some circles, play pretend war, blow some shit up, and get together for a few beers.
The creation of music by talented individuals.	anyone with even a modicum of talent on guitar or drums can play green day songs.	all he did was put them in a specific order.
Severity of punishment for unintentional wrongdoings.	If a person does something wrong unintentionally, he should not be punished very severely	why would people not become career criminals if they know they ca not go to jail ? the worst that can happen is a fine.
The pitfalls of researching atheism and religion online.	there are a thousand places, a million internet hits, which one can browse to discover facts on the athiesm/religion debate and even the specific subtopic that was discussed yesterday.	op has no control over the data given to him, and it is very curated data with eli style text around it.
Defining basic human rights.	and that people who espouse that everything is a  basic human right  are lazy and ungrateful.	i think you have fallen into the trap of believing that because people who are born disadvantaged  can  be successful, that it is just as easy for them as for those who are born privileged.
Feasibility of a classless society and job distribution.	proponents of a classless society: how do you realistically see the society functioning so that the  hard  jobs are not all vacant ?	flip your question on it is head:  in a heavily classed society: why does not everyone pursue only the highest earning careers ?   why do some people work for non profits, teach in public schools, or pursue art ? why do some doctors choose to volunteer overseas or work in public health clinics ? also, a  classless society  implies drastically cheaper or free college education.
Parasitism in the financial system.	when financial wizards who contribute nothing of value for the nation are able to capture increasingly more of the nation is productivity for themselves at the expense of everyone else, that is parasitism.	i take that to mean that you do not understand the financial system.
Argument for Polygamy	polygamy: i am honestly not wholly sure what the argument against polygamy is, besides something about complications in the way tax systems are set up, which could be easily fixed i would imagine.	of course, i believe all parties, including other husbands and wives would have to consent to the individual marriages, lest they be nulled, or have their own marriage with the to be married party nulled.
Importance of friendship in romantic relationships.	i also believe couples should also be friends.	relationships are not really about what taste in music you have, or what you have for hobbies, it is about experiencing things together and liking it.
Income inequality.	why should i care if someone else is making more money than i am ?	also, when you throw racism, sexism, nepotism, cronyism and corruption into the mix, it is not really a fair system after all.
Criticism of blaming whites for problems in Detroit.	i am treated like a kkk member when i criticize black people.	on average this makes it really hard for a black person to get ahead, make a good wage, and live somewhere that is not fucked up.
Middle East and colonization.	i think we need to basically recolonize the middle east.	complicated, to say the least syria: french rule of one form or the other until  simply put, the west has a pretty active history of involving itself in middle eastern affairs.
Criticism of Macroevolution.	my entire analysis of evolution has been based on the idea that macroevolution is false.	to find out what is  really true , you have to start with a question, not an assumption.
Quality of life versus quantity of life.	but i would personally choose a happier, shorter life over a less happy, longer life.	small tribes could do not nothing in a situation like that, except to go extinct.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	you may elect not to answer or have a lawyer present.
The nature of gods and their evolution over time.	gods are just humans who have had a good million or so years to evolve.	the concept of god would not even exist if humans did not question about their origins.
Importance of lectures and exams in academic performance.	the recommended textbook should only used as a study aid, not as a replacement for lectures.	homework can seem like busy work but it is graded for a reason.
Benefits of Yoga and Pilates for Physical Fitness.	but i have not seen a serious discussion about the benefits offered by yoga or pilates to enhance the hard work that has already been done.	here is the thing: /r/fitness is a catch all for physical fitness.
Corporate Priorities and Employee Retention in Big Tech Companies.	my view is that publicly owned companies run their business model by focusing on their shareholders first, their customers second, and their employees and assets last.	thats why people get big jumps in salary when they change jobs.
Influence of environment on sexual orientation.	if homosexuality or pedofilia is entirely based on biology, should not the rate of homosexuality be consistent with very little variation across all societies ?	in a society that condones homosexuality, you will have higher rates of homosexuality because less people will hide it.
Societal expectations and objectification of women's bodies.	on a certain level, is not everyone selling their body ?	this just is not true for many porn stars.
Stress and fear of failure in academics.	the thought of a bad grade on homework which should be helping us learn is just stress that we might fail and be punished for life because of it.	um, if you get a question wrong on a test, it means you did not understand the subject that the question was addressing.
Advantages of Welfare Reform.	there is also the huge benefit of less resentment of those on welfare.	should we officially enforce the narrative that  actually no, all of you poors are stupid, trust us, we are the government  ? i say no, we should tell them  look, if you are poor, it may not be because you are stupid or incompetent trust yourself to make a change in your life and succeed we trust you not to waste this money, do not disappoint us.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	and engagement ring can bring attention to a person and keep unwanted attention at bay.
Use of force in a situation.	you should only use the minimum amount of force as is necessary to escape the situation.	anyway, this was a minor nitpick that turned into a major wall of text, but it boils down to: if you get attacked, and you perceive that you are in danger, a lot of the portions of your brain that would allow you to process things like  how hard did i get hit ? am i bleeding out ?   get shut down by adrenaline, and you go straight to  fight or flight ?   the other thing that happens when you get all adrenaline shot is that you start to fight how you were trained.
Communion beliefs in Catholicism.	you catholics think that you are literally eating jesus christ when you have communion ?	what ? ! i do not think you understand that part dude.
Racism and Reclaiming the Word "Nigger"	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	unless you are black, you wo not fully be able to understand or know what black culture is.
The Radicalization of Feminism.	often the loudest voices recieve the most attention and usually those voices come from the mouths of radical people.	this coming from the guy who does not even understand feminism ? i suspect the problem is you are not looking for educated feminist outlets and instead are just seeing social media type posts.
Stress and fear of failure in academics.	the thought of a bad grade on homework which should be helping us learn is just stress that we might fail and be punished for life because of it.	it is no coincidence that grades focused education systems i am looking at you, asia tend to have stronger results than softer education systems.
Questioning personal choices and safety.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	does the fact that you did not take those measures make it your fault ? no.
Sexual assault concerns for gay and straight men.	a gay man is not different than a straight man.	but merely voicing presumptions, suspicions and fears are just bad judgment.
Racial tension and looting in minority communities.	black people are quick to scream prejudice and then turn and loot stores of chinese and indian immigrants for  justice .	the cops have been throwing tear gas and moving the media when a lot of the looting goes down.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	alternatively, will you get the same joy out of watching a concert or sports game on tv as you do being at the concert/sports game ? or they want to have fun and celebrate one of the biggest steps in their lives.
Political stance on healthcare and abortion.	republicans would also like to take away the ability to have safe, clean abortions from my friends who are ciswomen.	no they do not, they just do not want themselves or anybody else to have to pay for your healthcare.
The effectiveness of laws and catching perpetrators.	only the most stupid perpetrators will be caught.	it is certainly difficult to prove rape in most instances, but that does not make it not a crime or something that we should not have laws against.
Advocating for higher speed limits on roads.	the roads can be safely navigated at higher speeds.	the nhtsa states:    speeding is one of the most prevalent factors contributing to traffic crashes.
Issues Faced by Other Alien Species.	war, more and more dangerous weapons, corporate greed, government corruption, global warming, mass extinction, these are all issues that other alien species would likely encounter.	global warming may cost a few trillion dollars over a few centuries, and it might shift shorelines, but i am doubtful that it is a really big existential risk.
Views on the sustainability of relationships and their endings.	there is no way a relationship between two people can last and the people in that relationship actually remain happy and content with the relationship and each other.	some times it was a toxic relationship and it should have never started in the first place.
The separation of church and state in the West.	to us, an abandonment/separation of church and state was the first major move that allowed the west to begin its period of global dominance.	i would argue that it has not been until the modern era s onwards that society actually started becoming secular by throwing off religious stigmas and moving not just the government, but the attitudes of the people, towards secularism.
Jesus and Moses' Role as Scribe in Writing Laws	jesus stating that moses wrote laws, instead of being purely seen as god is scribe.	are the events described in the bible where these laws are transcribed inaccurate in your view ? if so, how do we know the words of jesus are accurate here ? why do you ignore the fact that scribes  write things down  ? hypothetically, if moses was really acting as a scribe for a god, that god could ask him what he wrote, yes ? what would moses say ? maybe something like,  i wrote what you told me to write.
The morality of sacrifice and human flaws.	the proported act of sacrifice is morally wrong   no sacrifice to a deity could be considered moral in any circumstance.	but because of that sacrifice, i know what i have to do: repent, ask forgiveness, do better.
Wealth and Employment Status Affect Quality of Life.	an able bodied person who works is going to have more wealth and likely lead a better life than an able bodied person who does not.	or rather that your idea of of  contributing to society  is wrong.
Israel's methods for rooting out weapons caches.	israel could root out weapons caches using methods that are far less likely to kill civilians even if those methods were less effective, since the actual risk to israeli lives would still be minuscule.	URL the consequences of it are things like depression, ptsd, miscarriages, lots of bad things.
The concept of desktop user interface.	what is that supposed to be a visual metaphor for, for pete is sake ?	the desktop is simply a build in option to make the process more intuitive for those used to traditional desks.
Israel's methods for rooting out weapons caches.	israel could root out weapons caches using methods that are far less likely to kill civilians even if those methods were less effective, since the actual risk to israeli lives would still be minuscule.	in terms of using human shields, israeli forces are vastly superior, human shields are not going to increase their success chance much.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	i also recently got married myself and my wife choose to take my name.
The impact of creating separate museums on American unity.	creating a separate museum just intensifies feelings of separateness.	in some important ways, whites and blacks have had different histories in the us, and some interesting methodologies have been used to tease out african american history which make the project of a separate museum justifiable.
The possibility of becoming rich in a capitalistic world.	however, there is one fair thing about a capitalistic world, everyone can become rich if they work hard.	i really hope this is true, but i have seen documentaries that show otherwise in theory this may be correct, but in practice it is not.
The ethics of piracy and its impact on producers.	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	well, since you either ignored every after school special ever produced or your parents just never got around to explaining why theft is wrong, let is try and run though this in a slightly more than superficial manner.
Discussion of the distinction between sex crimes and voyeurism.	what we have here is not a sex crime, but a technologically advanced version of a peeping tom.	not equally in severity or harm, but both are sex crimes.
Comparing acoustic and electric music.	without vocal effects, bieber has been proven not to be able to reach the same notes as the white stripes have.	there are many artists that have been unknown and thought of as talentless the have made huge influences on art, design, and sound long after they have died.
Social anxiety and difficulty with romantic relationships.	i had no courage to even talk to a girl i had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.	it is great that you finally found something that helped you grow up a bit.
Limitations of Society's Scientific Discoveries and Inventions	and so as a society, we are restricting our discoveries and inventions to the small areas of science and technology that we know about so far, that we think are credible and worthwhile.	could you bring yourself to give up beef for insects ? there is always more at play than just  willogic.
Animal suffering and demand for meat.	given how economies work, demand for meat directly results in animal suffering.	i disagree with this and similarly with the use of the word  inevitable  in your title.
Criticism of the Last Republican President's War Actions.	the last republican president started two wars that killed thousands of americans and hundreds of thousands of foreigners.	i mean its easy to blame that fucker nixon for everything, but he ca not do shit without congress.
Debate on adopting a new calendar.	The world should adopt a new calendar because the old calendar is not scientific	i mean, look at canada that is still struggling to completely implement the metric system after how many years ? one country implementing a few sets of units.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	that is how pirating is usually interpreted.
Commercialization of music and its impact on authenticity.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	let is say i wrote a song and recorded a song about my cat dying.
Libertarian views on race and discrimination.	libertarians claim that the free market or  social pressure  will eventually lead to a post racial world.	yet you are supporting the government forcing business owners interact with people who they do not want to, with anti discrimination laws.
Gender pay equality.	i seriously believe that men and women probably make a very similar number; a number so similar that there are no grounds for advocating either gender needs more pay.	maybe some of them had a bad study design, or maybe they do not show exactly what you are talking about.
Living in a swing state and its policy decisions.	but outside of statistics, let is say that you do live in a swing state; policy decisions regarding taxation, spending, the military, legalization of substances, etc.	political decisions affect an enormous part of our everyday lives.
Anarchism vs Current System	in the current system, we have the choice between two systems.	anarchism would force everyone into the system that the majority of people do not choose.
Justice system and punishment methods.	imagine if someone came into your life, took away someone you held near and dear, causing suffering to you and everyone who knew them.	we do not want punishment to be gluttonous, reckless, or at the whim of an emotional reaction, as tempting as that may be.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	they are a  toy company.
Benefits of Taking a Cruise	cruises are also full of activities to keep yourself and your kids occupied during the trip.	i flew so only about  days were spent in travel and the rest were spent touring the country.
Unkindness and Insulting Behavior	similarly, if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	especially when a person is trying to speak for a demographic or person they do not actually represent.
The use of vague language in media reporting.	limp words such as that are used by media outlets of all political persuasions in preference to terms that are more informative and accurate, qualities normally appreciated in news coverage.	abuse means abuse, it has always mean those things, why do you say those are new meanings ? even in other languages it means those things, so i do not even know wtf.
Criticism of schools as capitalist holding cells.	there may be other dynamics at play, but the  school as capitalist holding cell, but we ca not point that out because people get mad  is at least one dynamic at play.	i feel i can safely say without argument that elementary schools definitely serve an important service to the individual attending, because it is a good place to congregate, learn social skills, and basic academic learning.
Keeping last name in marriage.	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	if the cultural situation was reversed i think i would like to keep it.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	i also recognize that ethics and personal values are highly subjective.	this does not seem like a very pleasant conclusion.
Sleeping arrangements after a fight in a heterosexual couple.	let is assume a heterosexual couple gets into a fight because of a mistake the husband made.	as if girls used logic over emotion.
Comparison of Soviet and US Cartoons.	i used to watch soviet cartoons which are diametrically different from the ones produced in the us.	and, as others have eloquently stated, the government is not a participant in american moviemaking beyond setting limits on age appropriateness.
Land value tax and basic income distribution.	with a land value tax, we could use a percentage of the proceeds to create a basic income, so that all people will share equally in the land wealth of a country, regardless of history.	the amount of economic rent available to tax is not nearly the vast resource many people assume it to be.
Feminism's Impact on Women's Happiness.	the view i would like to be challenged is this: the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	in other words, the more fire fighters you have responding to a fire, the greater the likelihood is that damage to life and property will occur.
Polygamy and Women's Rights in Past Societies	the end result as with most polygamous societies in the past is a small number of elite men hoarding all the women.	i would say the best argument against polygamy is that it makes for an incredibly messy legal binding between an unrestricted number of people.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	there is also a lot of pressure from family and friends to invite everyone.
Realization of someone's true nature.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	maybe she just wanted to have sex with someone experienced ? as soon as she found a  better option  she just left me in the dust and never showed any regret for ditching me.
Escalator etiquette and passing direction.	i said the  passing side of the escalator  because i suppose in some countries people may pass on the right.	how much time do you save by climbing a moving escalator ? they are already moving, and the whole point of an escalator is that they are stairs you  do not have to climb.
The risks and roles of joining the US armed forces.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	we actually set our rules of engagement very tight with regards to collateral damage precisely because our elected officials/politicians demand that it was a big issue in vietnam and has been a big issue in afghanistan and iraq.
Unkindness and Insulting Behavior	similarly, if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	this is where the political correctness argument gets complicated though because it usually only comes up in the murky gray areas where people are not obviously being assholes.
Pregnancy as a Non-Disease in Healthcare	pregnancy is not a disease that needs to be cured.	you are preventing women from being kept out of the workforce because of unexpected pregnancies.
The War on Christmas and Religious Inclusivity.	the real goal of the  war on christmas  is to claim ownership of the end of the year, and pressure others to only acknowledge the christian holiday and exclude all others.	even if one side severely outpowers the other, there is still opposition.
Misunderstanding of Immigration.	some one from another country using mexico as an example from here on out immigrates here one way or another for a better life.	we are made up of immigrants from all over.
Assimilation and Tradition.	i do not think we should try to assimilate into the very tradition that used to discriminate against us for centuries and centuries, its almost like we want to get acceptance by blending in while being accepted for the way we are.	i imagine that you could probably get a lot of the christian elements removed from your wedding if you chose to do so.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	true, but it still does not solve the problems i mentioned above regarding population, energy, and food  i do not believe in some of the science fiction i have read that suggests we will grow and expand exponentially and at some point  fill up  the universe even if we do not need to expand, that does not mean we wo not.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	you can interact with each page.
Pride and its relation to actions and humanity.	being proud should only come with an action, not with something you are born with.	if you should only be proud of what you have done, why should you take pride in humanity ? and by being proud of humanity, you are creating a biological divide, parallel to the social divide you argued against.
Gradation of punishment based on BAC level.	we need a gradation of punishment, where the punishment is worse the higher your bac.	if you have been drinking, you should not be driving at all.
Debating the constitutionality of the US democratic process.	i am not accusing anyone of acting illegally, so explaining how nothing that happened was unconstitutional or whatever wo not really convince me.	there is no single correct democracy, only democracies, as they are defined by constitutions, and yours involves the scotus is decision making.
Making informed decisions versus immediate decisions.	others have the incentive of going with immediate decisions without making an informed choice, which i would reason, ends up in regret.	that is why the first mover advantage can often be so critical to success in business.
Scotland's potential independence and its impact on the UK's military.	well, first of all, the uk, currently the fourth largest military power in the world and a country that has a permanent seat on the un security council would be decimated in its strength.	the total loss in military expenditures then equals  of the scottish gdp this assumes that the uk would not increase it is own proportional spending to account for the loss of scottish revenue.
Compensation for police officers.	due to their scarcity, cops will eventually lead to higher compensations to incentivize the fields.	y know people assume that traffic signs and lights were great, then scientist found out after removing them in one city, that traffic accidents were dramatically reduced.
Linking Women's Rights and Gay Rights	the reason i see women is rights and gay rights as linked is because both issues are important now and have been for some time and because on some level i believe the teachings of the bible are against both, based on the above passages.	but that is regardless in the fact that those two issues are not related.
Questioning personal choices and safety.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	they expect to be treated like a feeling and independent person wherever they are, and that expectation should not be lifted because of style or location.
Corporate liability for death and officer bans.	death: any and all officers active at the time of the incident are permanently banned from participating in that corporation.	even so, while no one person might be punished for criminal neglect or murder, i do believe the corporation as a whole should be made liable and can be arrested or even executed depending on the severity of the crime and judgement laid down.
Religion as a Scapegoat for Logic and Knowledge.	people try to use their  religion  as a scapegoat for logic, reason, and the pursuit of knowledge; i. e.	but the reality is that people can be stupid and nonsensical about any number of things.
Comparison of Racism and Heightism	racism and height ism are both a form of sociopathy, because instead of people, you just see cartoon cutouts based on your prejudices, and that allows you to be horrible to them.	it is not a matter of thinking short people are inferior in any way which is what racism normally is , it is simply a matter of physical attraction.
Fantasy Football	as a game, ff is so bad because you are picking the guys you think are going to score the most points.	the game is based on knowledge, strategy, preparation, and probability.
Becoming a Military Doctor and Paying for Medical School.	my plan was to graduate college and join the ushs the military medical school and become and army doctor. i am also poor and medical school in the military from what i understand pays for smart kids.	you can go to civilian medical school, and get hpsp which is slightly different but accomplishes roughly the same thing.
Spanking as a consequence for young children's actions.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	if you can teach the lesson without spanking, would you still feel spanking is necessary ? i believe that spanking is not teaching the lesson you think it does.
Streaming quality and selection on various services.	the selection across pretty much all streaming services is crap.	this is steadily improving as streaming becomes more popular.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	there is hardly any property in the world where it can be demonstrated that it came from an unbroken chain of homesteading and voluntary acquisitions.
Importance of friendship in romantic relationships.	i also believe couples should also be friends.	maybe you both went on a day trip to the next city over, and had some great memories of lunch and the people you met, or maybe you spent the whole evening together, not saying a word just enjoying the quiet.
Ethics of avoiding animal-derived products.	if you choose to avoid things that are derived from the cruel treatment of living things, then you could also make a similar argument pertaining to plants.	that is why people refrain from eating animals and choose a plant based diet.
Legal implications of cohabitation versus marriage.	if for some reason we do not work out i want to keep what i have worked hard to earn, and not be responsible for any debts she may still have.	as long as you are cohabitating for an extended period of time.
Abortion and Carelessness.	but lets be honest, there are not even close to a majority of rape and birth defect screeners getting abortions.	there are medications that give life threatening birth defects to fetuses, and some of those medications are for serious conditions, where discontinuing them could be harmful to the pregnant person.
Government spending on war versus domestic needs.	usa spends huge money on war and donates to countries.	lastly, what are these schools gonna do ? tear up families.
Basic human needs and Maslow's hierarchy.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	education is certainly not a basic human need, and health and security are states of being rather than needs.
Mental health and counseling	i do not see any reason why i should not want this.	if you really feel this way, you should try counseling a bit to rule out basic social dysfunction illness.
Animal sentience and the desire to live.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	what makes you think the other animals are different ? when looking at this thing, eating meat, i dislike using concepts like  morally okay , or  ethical  or whatever.
Theological beliefs regarding the nature of man and God.	but what changes by adding god to the picture ?	i am not a theologian, but i believe it goes like this: god made man in god is image, and we are somewhat like god, with free will, but imperfect, fallen, etc.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	if you pirate it, then the producer is only going to seek to defend their work from more pirating rather than try to make it easier to get hold of.
Weddings and gender roles.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	just because an engagement ring may serve in only bringing joy does not mean that it does not have a purpose.
Legalization of Racism and its Impact on Free Market	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	i remember a gelato shop that openly stated it would not serve muslims; they were out of business a few months later.
Bias in hiring based on physical appearance.	subconsciously, people tend to assume attractive people are more trust worthy than unattractive people.	that is often why these hiring panels are made up of both men and women to eliminate this bias.
Useless college majors.	you will constantly receive disdain from the people around you for doing a purportedly  useless  major.	people do not usually show disdain for others.
Wealth and happiness	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	URL scientific evidence that more money does not make people happier jack ma, the richest man in china, says that being that rich is very stressful.
The importance of secrets and thoughts in people's lives.	i personally have sworn off secrets in my life, but i know many people do not want to.	the idea is that, if you give government access to one thing, why would it stop there ? why not have mini cameras in every bodies homes, and there bathrooms it will certainly be possible withing the next few hundred years.
Survival of the fittest and euthanasia in groups.	oftentimes, those who jeopardize the group through their existence but not necessarily through any fault of their own are often euthanized.	URL even the neaderthal did not do this: URL  the infirm, the crippled and particularly the mentally feeble both the violently insane and those with reduced mental capacity are killed in the name of mercy.
The role and consequences of anger.	lastly nothing consequently good can come from anger.	we would get angry, this made us loud,  largen  ourselves, in an attempt to scare the animal away.
Representation and Diversity in Art and Culture.	artistically, women are depicted as objects of beauty and desire, people is of color are barely depicted at all and white men are the creators of art.	the european language is related to persian iranian and indian.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	i do not see any real benefit to being an atheist aside from an ostensible freedom from tortuous religious requirements.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	charities, although not for profit, are still businesses.
Reddit's purpose and dealing with negative karma.	reddit is supposed to be a discussion board and website where people share their opinions, something nobody should be harassed for.	if negative karma matters to you, then go to a subreddit with people who share your opinions and, if necessary, is sufficiently moderated.
Pink as a symbol for breast cancer awareness.	ergo, its just a pr stunt common to today where people think change and effort is equaled to wearing a color sometimes.	it is also a chance to get my gf a pink jersey and try again to her her to watch football with me.
Race relations and individual rights.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	but now we have this bass ackwards.
Abortion and viability of the fetus.	we do not use that as a measure for whether other people are alive newborns ca not survive on their own very long.	it is not about  alive , it is about biological dependence.
Ray Rice's suspension from the NFL.	so i heard an interesting opinion about the ray rice situation, so he assaulted his fiance, and when the video of that got leaked, public outrage caused him to be suspended from the nfl permanently.	so victims are usually quick to rationalize the behavior and forgive their abuser because they do not want to believe that they themselves could have been so wrong about someone they have come to love.
Categorization and Evolution of LGBTQIA+ Terminology.	for all the talk of social construction of gender, there seems to be a lot of focus on categorizing every single ways one can identify, lgtb has evolved into lgtbqia .	that is why there are some advocates for  grsm  or  queer  as a catch all term.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	the risk must be of such nature and degree that disregard thereof constitutes a gross deviation from the standard of conduct that a reasonable person would observe in the situation.
Religion's role in governing and the "dark ages".	therefore, the muslim world will never see the abandonment of religion in everyday governing life as a useful long term solution.	i would argue that it has not been until the modern era s onwards that society actually started becoming secular by throwing off religious stigmas and moving not just the government, but the attitudes of the people, towards secularism.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	ones who are just looking for sex will often explicitly state it.
Abortion rights and bodily autonomy in the US.	for example, i saw a post on two x that did not really refute any restrictive abortion policies but just stated the right to bodily autonomy as an argument against them.	just because those rights are not codified in law does not mean they do not exist.
HOA's goals and effectiveness in maintaining property values.	one of the main goals of an hoa are to help maintain or even increase the value of the homes in the neighborhood by preventing people from doing things that would lower property values.	just because hoas profess to have that as a goal, does not mean they  actually  have that as a goal.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	but there is also fyodor dostoevksy who said:  happiness does not lie in happiness, but in the achievement of it.
Challenges faced by atheists in society.	no one knows what your religious views are unless you tell them.	while society as a whole does not tend to actively persecute atheists, on a personal level many do experience hardship and ostracism due to making their views known.
Leadership and National Priorities.	to be successful at this, a government needs to keep a focus on the nation first, then the people, and only then any other nations or peoples.	this in general is something sociopaths tend to be extremely bad at doing, and lacking foresight is not a trait you want in any national leader.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	in my own case, i knew i did not want children for a variety of reasons, and so i protected myself with the pill.
Social etiquette and behavior.	if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	you can think someone a jerk, you can even call them on it.
Prioritization and Counseling for Social Dysfunction.	in addition to that, power, respect and a fame of sorts are my priorities too.	if you really feel this way, you should try counseling a bit to rule out basic social dysfunction illness.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	the warband becomes a nation, a society.
The value of existence and suffering.	if you do not exist as a living being, you cannot feel suffering.	would not it be better to even suffer than to have nothing at all ? but if you do not exist, you feel neither suffering nor pleasure, thus making it better but what does it matter if it is  better  if you do not exist ? how does the quality of non existence matter at all if i do not experience it ? life is not torture for everyone.
Parasitism in the financial system.	when financial wizards who contribute nothing of value for the nation are able to capture increasingly more of the nation is productivity for themselves at the expense of everyone else, that is parasitism.	the financial system is what allows business to grow and exist.
Appreciation for magic tricks and the importance of mystery.	working out how the magic trick was done is half the fun for me and i think most people .	if the audience is happy the magician is a success and is a  good  magician.
Importance of having trustworthy representatives in government.	the people are the boss who hire the representatives to run their precious country.	do you really want to live in a world without any real guarantee of how the country will be governed  days from now.
Misalignment of school and financial years with calendar years.	school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years.	ultimately i see no profit in this rationalist is need for an even calendar.
Controversy surrounding Arvo in a video game.	we all love lee even though he did something just as bad; we ca not judge arvo for what little we have seen of him especially in his state.	it is definitely bad, but not the same as arvo.
Bias in hiring based on physical appearance.	subconsciously, people tend to assume attractive people are more trust worthy than unattractive people.	they decide which people they are going to interview purely on their experience and education, and since a lot of high level white collar job hirings are decided by a panel and not a single person that prevents men from hiring the attractive blonde purely on apperance or women hiring the guy they find most attractive.
The concept of amorality in society.	i think that what we call  amoral  is a huge misnomer;  amoral  is just a social contract we agree upon for the sake of ourselves and our society, rather than intrinsic right and wrong.	just because we have not figured out the punishment thing does not mean that morals do not exist.
The danger of a dog's speed and power.	the only real threat from the dog is the teeth right ?	if it ran at you full speed and made impact above your center of gravity, there would be very little you could do to stay on your feet.
Individual rights and justice.	i do not see how one of group of humans has the right to restrict another human is movement and intimately control their life.	i think such a person deserves to have there lives ruined as well.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	i am going to just say that this is your experience and that does not speak for the crowd.
Scotland's potential independence and its impact on the UK's military.	well, first of all, the uk, currently the fourth largest military power in the world and a country that has a permanent seat on the un security council would be decimated in its strength.	scots tend to lean left on economic issues they tend to want a nordic style democratic socialist system whereas the conservative party in the uk tends more toward low tax, semi laissez faire capitalism they tend to want a us style economic system.
Civilian casualties in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.	israel cannot justify the massive civilian death toll as countering the palestinian resistance is measures of last resort.	it is a horrific crime against israeli citizens.
Abortion and Fetal Rights.	which should not be valid because youre killing another body. which should have rights.	furthermore, why should the rights of the mother suddenly not matter ? she is the one that has to lug around the fetus for  months and if she does not want to, why force her to ? and even furthermore, why do you consider a fetus  alive  in the traditional sense ? a fetus is not even viable until around the end of the second trimester  weeks ish , and that is at only .
The complexity and physical demands of baseball.	as for mental capacity, baseball is an extremely complex sport.	however, it is a primarily physical activity.
Violence and Self-Defense.	but once violence happens, walking away simply is not an option anymore.	violent encounters are  never  black and white.
Accessibility to basic human needs.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	if, for example, there are two teachers who want to teach in a school, but the school only needs one, the better teacher gets the job.
The mindset that violence is always wrong.	i do not mean people who think violence should be a last resort, because that is pretty much everyone.	i mean people with the specific mindset that violence is always wrong and stooping to it makes you as bad as your enemies.
Gun control in the USA.	maybe there is a deterrence factor, but are not all these recent police shootings evidence that deterrence often fails with tragic results ?	if there are hostages, they are almost in the same position as you.
Misconceptions about the Basis of Capitalism.	the basis of capitalism is that the hard working have a comfortable life and the non hard workers have a relatively less comfortable life.	hard work has little to do with it.
Laughing at disabilities and personality traits.	i am not offended or anything, but there is just something in me that says  laughing at autistic people is wrong .	we are not laughing at autism, we are laughing at behavior.
Racism and Slurs.	i am not saying asians have a conscious plan to manufacture new slurs.	the sickness is hatred and intolerance.
Criticism of Private Prison System and Property Rights Enforcement.	do not even get me started on the private prison system in the us.	this specific example is particularly bad because its a  government financed industry.
Gender differences in immediate sexual encounters.	men are much more likely to say yes to a request for an immediate sexual encounter than women are.	i think that their impulses are no where near as strong as men is impulses are.
The rationality of betting on God's existence.	betting on there being a god is the smart decision because there might be a pay off, while atheism has no reward.	to end on that note, do you think an all knowing god will think you are a legitimate believer if the only reason for your belief was that it was the better gamble ? i am telling you that if that is all there is to it, then you do not really believe.
Bible and cross dressing exceptions.	bible against cross dressing.	what does the bible have to say about the gender spectrum ? does it say anything at all ? in the absence of any statements, are we to assume that biblical times saw gender as simply the same thing as biological sex ? do we have any evidence relating to transgender issues arising in the classical world, and how they were dealt with ? now, i am not arguing that whatever the bible has to say is right.
Debate on Sizeism and Weight Judgement.	i think sizeism should not be a thing.	while i think judging someone based on their weight is wrong, at the same time it is a good place to start.
Internet censorship and child safety.	imagine your child browsing the internet, doing research for a project, or just browsing around.	there is software that exists right now that allows parents to set up parental controls on their computer that allows them to restrict what their child can and cannot see on the internet.
Limitations of God-given rights.	since these rights were given to people by god, people can not take these rights away.	even assuming this is the case, how does one determine which rights are giving by god ? when does one right infringe on another ? while there are common principles to many world religions, there certainly is not a univeral religio legal consensus on many issues such as gender and property rights.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	peanuts is very dark at its core; it is about a boy and his dog who ca not catch a break.
Comparison between laptop and tablet.	using a laptop is just a less ergonomic experience.	another issue with tablets is that they typically do not have ethernet ports.
Professional jurors and their qualifications.	people who have a degree in law, or pass some sort of intelligence related test can enter in as applicants for professional jurors.	this will probably stratify jury duty immensely along socioeconomic lines.
Selection of elites and lack of historical understanding.	these elites are not selected by the people, but are established based on certain merits.	and who selects them and judges these merits ? a group of people ? and how are they selected ? using statistics of birth rates, education levels,   income levels, would not you agree that lower society is the one reproducing at higher rates ? possibly because they are not bright enough to understand the financial, personal   physical burdens having many kids cause.
Use of the N-word in Black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	the word has so much history behind it.
Issues with lack of game criticism in online content creation.	the problem i have, though, most of the time, the uploader is just talking about their day or sopmething that happened in the game, never criticizing or commenting on the games.	if they are talking about something that happened in the game.
The insignificance of one's actions over time.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	so our names may not live for very long but our actions certainly do.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	and even if you do not personally choose to make this decision i hope to change your view that choosing the alternative is legitimate, and is not indicative of the issues you lay out.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	it is about preparing the next generation to take over the world literally.
Employer's right to terminate employees for undesirable behavior.	if an employer hires meth head, for instance, and he/she is exhibiting undesirable characteristics tardiness, stealing, etc.	does not fall under your jurisdiction.
Achievement and Taking Action	what would  wouldoing my best  achieve that i do not already have ?	what else do you want ? god to come down and tell you what to do ? than keep doing what your doing, but also be honest with yourself.
Security of credit card accounts.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	ever been asked for the last  digits of your ssn ? when you request a new credit card account it should only be sent to an address you currently live as shown on your credit report.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	there is no such right.
Balancing Work and Personal Life	i do not eat excessively or drink lots of beer at weekend social gatherings.	going to a gym and repeatedly moving heavy things is not one of them.
Nationalities and their corresponding names in English.	polish people are poles, scottish people are scots, british people are brits, arabic people are arabs, turkish people are turks, jewish people are jews, czechoslovakian people are czechs, slavic people are slavs swedish people are swedes, mongolian people are mongols.	if you are familiar with english you must realize that in english we add ese to most east asian nationalities.
Intellectual Property Rights and Cultural Differences.	however, patents and copyright are not  property  in the sense that cars are.	copyright is indisputably property in at the very least the us and the eu.
Suggesting improvements for user interface design.	far more useful, imho, would be something like a better implemented version of those osx springy things in the dock a popup always on top file browser window toggled on or off with a button in the dock/startbar/etc, defaulting to your documents folder.	the desktop is nothing more than a folder that is rendered by the system as a background on which files and links can be placed.
Compensation for prisoner labor.	people, even prisoners should not be exploited for free labor.	they should not be exploited for the condition they are in.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	however i think your interpretation of the emotional and mental well being is misguided.
***Possible topic: Reasons for an alien species to avoid making contact with humans.	but an alien species could collect an enormous amount of data from long distance visual observation and monitoring are telecommunication networks.	if two species do happen to meet it will be due to luck of having a close proximity, and even in that case concerns of ethics and safety may come into play.
Superficiality in Dating and Social Settings	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	and looks are not the be all end all for a relationship, i do not know anyone who things that.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	they would be fools or outright evil not to do everything in their power to get you off the tracks.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	why was she dressed that way ? why was she dancing so provocatively ? maybe she is there for the same reason everyone else is there ? to have fun and enjoy themselves in a social yet safe environment.
Gender identity and biological sex.	basically, i think that our mind whilst in a biological body that is structured a certain way is not  amale  or  female  in itself.	and i feel weird when someone treats me as if i am a woman.
Misconceptions about bisexuality.	the potential partners i could have would be increased, et cetera.	people assume your orientation based on the gender of your current partner and you never really fit neatly into any community.
The creation of music by talented individuals.	anyone with even a modicum of talent on guitar or drums can play green day songs.	anyone could do that ! but no one did it the way he did.
One state solution and its impact on Israel's future.	in the one state solution, palestinians, would have a  right to vote  on israeli policies.	instead of being a conflict between israel and hamas it would become a war between israel and palestine.
Plurals and language rules.	second, a lot of those words do not actually end in   i  in their original languages.	the  rule  exists because that is what most words do, not the reverse i.
Misuse of sarcasm as a response to criticism.	i realize that the  so edgy  response if often made half jokingly, which is completely fine.	first of all, how valid an argument is not not dependant on responses at all.
Defining American White Culture and Stereotypical Black Culture.	i would define american white culture as separate from  black  culture as the stereotypical black  thug life  culture.	no one will say that  black culture  does not exist in america.
Inaccuracies in the Gregorian calendar.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	your birthday would always be on the same day of the week in perpetuity.
Gender identity and expression.	see, i have a gay friend who has many  feminine  traits, talks very much like a woman, his mannerisms, his tastes, etc.	cisgender people do not seriously consider trying to take hormones of the opposite sex to change their physiology, nor do they go out of their way to acquire such hormones.
The misuse of the word "literally".	the wrong or new definition of literally i am referring to is the opposite;  metaphorically, or figuratively.	when people use the word this way, they do not actually mean  figuratively.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	if a person is desperate enough, they will cling to an idea and follow it as a means of improving their lives.
Sexual Orientation and Labels	sexual orientation: i believe in the three terms for sexual orientation, but i do not see any reason to have a graph or a scale, there is no reason to put someone for instance inbetween straight and gay.	if you happen to go more for women than men, that would still render you bi.
The limitations of opinions and beliefs as social constructs.	if you are a fast learner and keep distance between your ego and your hypothesis, then the concept of opinion, or belief, is useless.	i agree that pragmatism is generally good, but what if i just want a quick heuristic to determine if, say, a date and i are compatible ? sure, i could spend read: waste a lot of time questioning them about specific political or religious aspects but if we can apply some common labels to ourselves i can gather necessary information faster.
Wedding ring expenses.	the idea that you should spend half or more of a yearly income on a wedding ring is the most disgusting financial advice i have ever heard.	i saved up about  months for it, taking about  of my income and throwing it into a savings account.
Personal definition of success and self-reliance.	my idea of success is having a roof over my head, a steady supply of food, one used car, and a way to obtain the small salary, and also to have remaining spending money to entertain myself.	every job i applied at asked if i had experience, and i did, but had nothing to show for it.
Criticism of Environmental Hypocrisy in Private Jet Use	i have never heard these guys advocate the ban of private jets.	big scale economic and global policy is needed, because the problem is trillions of times bigger than one guy and his yacht if it is too much trouble for one guy and his yacht to care about the environment, how can you expect an entire nation to care about the environment ? i have never heard them advocate the ban of yachts.
Opinion on the design of a fictional species.	you either like the joke of a musclepacked brainless horde of humanoid fungi screaming  waaaagghh  at the top of their lungs while driving on makeshift or stolen vehicles, or you do not.	games workshop however did seem to pioneer the archetype of orks as being childlike, buffoonish, thugs which has percolated into other works.
Inaccuracies in the Gregorian calendar.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	many people would be very sad that their birthday would never fall on a nice, lazy saturday, for example.
Government regulation on family size.	i have never understood how the government can justify legislation on how many people you can legally have in your family.	there  has  to be some sort of limit, otherwise the entire country could become one giant family.
Making money from motivational content and art.	yes, the higher ups make money from motivational content.	what are the motivational materials which are obviously only about amway for ? they are useless.
Feminism and Equality Advocacy.	i feel like we can all advocate for equality without having to blame a certain group or overgeneralize a whole gender.	equal rights for men and women.
Comparison of Deism and Atheism.	but why is deism more reasonable than atheism, you may be asking.	that just shows that deism ca not be ruled out by appeal to science.
Impact of BitTorrent on music and media industries.	distributed networks are harder to do in every regard.	most of the infrastructure that forms a distributed network is a solved problem.
Resistance to change in technology and media consumption.	saying that videos have to maintain the old ways is borderline curmudgeonly.	it is akin to saying that you ca not send tweets or use snapchat, because i still use email and i ca not read your messages with gmail.
Kant's universal law formulation and consequentialism.	an appraisal of whether something ought to be a universal law seems to be consequentialist to me.	the consequences are utterly irrelevant.
Racism and Slavery in America.	you are still called by your slave masters  names.	if you want to change your name, by all means go and change it.
Wedding ring expenses.	the idea that you should spend half or more of a yearly income on a wedding ring is the most disgusting financial advice i have ever heard.	was it financially irresponsible ? not in the least.
Driving with Physical Limitations	i often find myself thinking how dangerous even small motions of a driver can be.	my arms wo not let me.
The sustainability of democracy.	if you believe that democracy wo not fail, i ask what makes you believe that there will be enough smart people to outweigh the dumb people ?	instead we elect folks with limited time in office.
Scottish independence and political implications for the UK.	the last uk prime minister was scottish.	the fact that there is a different name for them indicates that the differences are significant enough.
Feminism and Public Opinion.	these connotations seem to turn public opinion away from the feminist movement.	that is not the only goal.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	the  situation  occurs when someone decides to act out as the rapist.
Marriage as a Necessity.	i do not think marriage is needed to have sex, prove your love or even have kids.	this is not a requirement of marriage.
Nazism and its impact on common people.	we don't have to have zero tolerance for nazis, there were a lot of moderate nazis.	people who thought that hitler would be less extreme if he got into power, like every other politician who does not do what he promised.
Controversial stance on birth control and reproduction.	therefore i would like to see methods of preventing birth like birth control and abortion illegalized, along with a legal requirement to reproduce.	you want about half of the world is population to be legally obligated to become baby factories, against their will.
Blackface and its controversy.	when people arent trying to take jobs that could have been filled in by black people and people arent trying to make a caricature out of black peolle then painting thaire face black shouldent be a problem.	but blackface, the theatre form, is absolutely about making a mockery of black people.
Disadvantages of mobile websites on budget smartphones.	there is not a single instance where a mobile website is preferable to a full site.	more importantly though, these versions of the websites are often much more barebones and designed with a phone in mind.
Misuse of downvoting on Reddit.	secondly, downvoting is not supposed to be an implement of disapproval at least, not on reddit .	you can argue that they should only be used to push really good comments to the top to stay on topic.
Voting and Political Thinking	i want to vote for someone who i would actually want to hold that office.	along with what many of the other posters have said, give your vote to someone who shares in some way your views on things.
Income inequality and its impact on different social classes.	if the sons and daughters of the usa is white upper middle class are struggling to stay afloat, what does that say about the chances and return on investment for the white working class, much less blacks and hispanics in the inner cities?	how do explain this with the massive increases in consumption throughout the last few decades ? income inequality is caused by the rich getting richer faster than the poor get richer.
Revolt of sports team for social justice.	the idea that a team s would stage some sort of revolt is hopelessly naive.	the viking went back on their decision and re banned peterson from the team.
Feminism and Equality.	the goal of feminism is, or at least should be, equality.	they are simply focusing on the inequalities most relevant for women.
Wedding industry and true love.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	a wedding is not used to validate a marriage for most couples , it is used to celebrate it ! and no, no matter how much i am in love, i will definitely get more joy out of a big wedding than a small one.
Problems with BYOD in schools and benefits of school-owned technology.	there are many other problems that byod could cause, such as cheating, distractions, resistance from those who hate change, spying, and overall forcing students to integrate technology even deeper into their lives.	some students were clearly better at navigating a laptop than others this was an th grade class , but everyone was able to do the work and it provided an epicenter for all of the students work, grades, progress, etc.
Monogamy and ethical considerations in relationships.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	if you want to talk about biology, then it is disrespectful because having sex with another person is potentially reducing the time and resources you have to raise your current offspring.
Mental health and counseling	i do not see any reason why i should not want this.	and if they shut you out in a corporate environment, that is basically a death sentence.
Pronunciation of Latin phrases in English.	us/english pronunciations of latin phrases show the speaker is complete ignorance of how sounds are formed in romance languages.	there are pronunciations of these phrases which, if i were to use them, would be immediately understood by other lawyers.
Categorization and Evolution of LGBTQIA+ Terminology.	for all the talk of social construction of gender, there seems to be a lot of focus on categorizing every single ways one can identify, lgtb has evolved into lgtbqia .	besides being a lot less catchy, i doubt the extended acronym achieves a level of inclusion that everyone is gonna remain happy with.
Impact of Driverless Cars on Insurance and Corporations.	most importantly large insurance companies will take a hit from this, and we all know who calls the shots in the us government, the big corps.	however, eventually the dumb cars will disappear simply because no one wants them anymore.
Fatherhood joys and challenges.	think of all the joys fatherhood brings.	think of not being able to sleep in once for the next   years.
Personal boundaries and respect for privacy.	but even more importantly, i could not care less if she slept with every guy in seattle.	what her boyfriend did is he showed all those people the truth.
Political activism through contacting representatives.	everyone on reddit here says,  email your senator and fill out complaints !	there is absolutely plenty that you can do to have an influence on the views of your representatives, but you actually have to put in the work to show that your views are serious and that there are others who share your views.
Definition of terrorism.	but as the years go by the word is being more and more loosely defined.	but it is a tool that people are willing to use.
Blackface and Offense in Modern Times	being offended by someone who had painted is face black is dumb as the original issues with are not relevant nowadays.	but blackface, the theatre form, is absolutely about making a mockery of black people.
The role and consequences of anger.	lastly nothing consequently good can come from anger.	anger is also linked to increased heart rate and adrenaline, or better known as the  fight or flight response.
The effectiveness of education research and scientific method in education.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	while i am sure that there are many papers you would consider woo woo within the social science disciplines, there are similarly quite a lot that are not.
Importance of Not Missing School Days.	if you miss a few days, you end up fighting an uphill battle which makes all of your work worse as you try to both catch up on missed assignments and keep up with incoming ones.	that is plenty for most to write a paper of whatever in the given time.
Misuse of Feminism and Gender Equality	i watch someone misuse the term feminism imo.	the one misusing the term is you, and the countless people who use the dictionary definition of  equal rights to men.
Criticism of Macroevolution.	my entire analysis of evolution has been based on the idea that macroevolution is false.	i wo not repeat the links that everyone else has already posted; try to take a look at them  without  the mindset of rejecting it from the outset just because you have already decided that you assume it is all false.
Racism and Slavery in America.	you are still called by your slave masters  names.	the question is what to change your name to ? the biggest malcolm x wannabe thing to do is changing it to something stereotypically islamic.
The art of magic and suspension of disbelief.	there is suspension of disbelief, not only for that magician but then for all magicians.	to judge whether someone is a good magician or not, do not look at their secrets, technical ability or skill, instead look at their audience.
Police officers' good and bad acts.	for every bad act a police officer is caught doing, i am sure there are thousands of more good acts.	the good acts are part of their job or at least ought to be , and the bad acts are contrary to their job.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	let is break this down.
Representation and Diversity in Art and Culture.	artistically, women are depicted as objects of beauty and desire, people is of color are barely depicted at all and white men are the creators of art.	it is the place where white people live.
Restaurant guides and their grading process.	that is a lot of power to give to something that ultimately says nothing at all about the restaurant.	most of their food critics do know how a restaurant work.
Social isolation among gamers.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	or they attract people who were already socially isolated and insulated, or you are otherwise falling prey to confirmation bias.
Islamophobia and Racism Debate.	however, sociologists consider islamophobia to be a type of racism, despite islam not being a race.	race  is just a subset of human beings, not necessarily based on physical affiliation.
Abortion and American values.	so, if we take life through abortion, are not we defying everything americans stand for ?	i need a kidney, but i have no right to demand the use of anyone else is kidney, even though i have a right to life.
Freeloaders in Socialism.	socialism allow a certain number of people to be freeloaders.	there are also freeloaders in capitalist countries.
Libertarian views on race and discrimination.	libertarians claim that the free market or  social pressure  will eventually lead to a post racial world.	they  allow  discrimination by individuals not working for the goverment because a person has the right to decide who he/she wants to associate with.
Controversy over new gender identities.	making up new genders, like genderqueer, is pretty confusing to me.	gender  role  is a social construct.
Importance of Privacy in Society.	i need a logical argument not based on dangerous potential endgames, or a justification for privacy in itself beyond just that  privacy is good .	if history has shown anything, it is that when too few people get too much power, they forget about the  common good.
Anime and its Historical Context.	i ca not stand most of the characters.	therefore, story writes of anime started catering to very niche interests and genres which mainstream people would find  whacky.
Conflicting views on acceptance of homosexuality.	you speak of peace yet not everyone has come to think well of homosexuals.	i consider this points to be conflicting.
Opinion on banning pet cats.	The federal government should ban pet cats. basically my view is rather simple i hate cats.	it is a pretty basic duty of pet owners to maintain control of our pets and if your neighbors are not doing so you would be legally entitled to report them.
Recording laws and human memory.	if two party consent is required for recording, one of the parties can still recite the conversation from human memory, without informing the second party.	i think an important distinction is that a mechanical recording is regarded rather differently in a courtroom than a simple recitation.
Effect of vegetarian options vs humane meat in restaurants.	second, an individual not eating meat makes zero difference, almost.	by the time you reject a burger, your rejection pretty much only affects you.
Sexual orientation and dating preferences.	if you happen to go more for women than men, that would still render you bi.	atleast thats what i believe.
Lack of sympathy for a friend's risky behavior.	i would not feel bad for said friend because he took a risk with no possible reward , got screwed by someone who did not follow the rules, and my friend ended up paying for it.	you seriously would not feel bad about your friend dying because he was careless when he crossed the road ? that is a very strange attitude.
Believing in Love and Overcoming Heartbreak.	i believe we should all believe in love, and fight for it.	that is what can make somebody fall in love with you, including your past love.
Limitations of a all-powerful being with different laws of physics.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	laws of physics do not affect an all powerful being.
The ethics of financial control in abusive relationships.	as long as an allowance, or a budgeted income, or financial control is not a tool being used to facilitate physical, emotional, or sexual abuse, then i do not believe those behaviors in and of themselves constitute abuse.	well, it is still not  your  decision.
Happiness and Ignorance as Incompatible Concepts.	the view to challenge is the one of happiness being dependant on maintaining ignorance.	i wonder how you came to this view ? is that something you are willing to talk about ? because to me the idea that happiness and knowledge are incompatible feels obviously wrong.
Arguing about religion and God.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	we can argue about what is  good  or  bad,  but in general, many of us view certain behaviors as detrimental to the health and well being of society.
The risks and roles of joining the US armed forces.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	and never fire a round in anger much less drop a bomb.
Comparison of wind, solar, and nuclear power.	wind and solar power are great but nuclear power is more reliable and produces far more power.	i think that emissions from industry sector would rise.
Modern art and its connection to meaning.	same is true with a lot of modern art.	they communicate ideas.
Police heroism and community service.	i would like to see more videos of police rescuing children from blazing fires, and helping out the impoverished.	even when the abuses are brought to light, they are rarely held accountable at all and even more rarely held accountable to the same extent that another non cop citizen would be held accountable in the same situation.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	there are objective criteria about the efficiency of, say, management of a transport system, but there is widespread disagreement on the moral philosophy behind criminal justice.
Gender and racial categories in sports.	i think if sports are broken up into male/female categories for fairness then sports should also be broken up into racial categories for fairness.	nope it is biology.
Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	homosexuality is  common  in the animal kingdom, and is  extremely  common in one of our closest relatives, the bonobo ape.
Abstraction in Communication	any form of communication with at least one layer of abstraction.	my  job , all day long, is to write abstract words.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	it is totally normal to strike up conversations with these people and try to get to know them.
Winning Elections Based on Geography and Marketing.	i think elections are won one of two ways: based on geographic party affiliation i. e.	local elections in red states are going to consistently choose the republican and nothing will change it , or based on marketing who runs better ads, who has better buzz words like  change  and  hope , who can come off as the better people person.
The impact of tax reduction on wealthy voters.	any attempt for the wealthy to reduce their taxes will result in destroying their own voting power.	we vote on the people who share our general interests, and they get the job of understanding the technical stuff.
The value of existence and suffering.	if you do not exist as a living being, you cannot feel suffering.	granted, you cannot feel pleasure, either, but is pleasure better than non existence ? that depends, would you rather experience existing or simply not exist at all ? even feeling pain is still better than feeling nothing.
Gun ownership as a solution to women's self-defense disadvantage.	on average, women are less capable at defending against a physical attack than their male counterparts.	by preventing all eligible citizens from legally accessing firearms, you have a disproportionate affect upon women.
Racial profiling and discrimination by police.	but if the same policeman finds a black kid with facial tattoos, a thick accent and pants around his knees we see that kid go to jail.	walking down the street, many other people will assume you might be dangerous because you look the part.
Pickup truck usage.	most of the pickup trucks i saw where not carrying a massive load, there was just a person in the truck.	second, many people have a bed cover on their pickup, so that anything in the bed is kept out of the rain and wind.
Morality of killing in military service.	by enlisting in the military, you have agreed to kill someone on behalf of the cause for which that military is fighting.	in other words, you may feel that your son is quality of life is worth more than the  actual  life of an enemy soldier or someone else who is killed by military action, but i do not think you could defend that choice when you consider it from both sides.
Racism and Reclaiming the Word "Nigger"	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	the word nigger was said against black people with such hate and racism and if we adopt that word, if we reclaim it, then no one can ever hurt us with it again.
Role and Goals of HOAs.	one of the main goals of an hoa are to help maintain or even increase the value of the homes in the neighborhood by preventing people from doing things that would lower property values.	hoas are designed to enforce uniformity among residents.
Impact of voting in swing states/ridings.	unless you live in a swing state/riding, your vote is not going to make a difference.	even one thing like obamacare, if romney got in its unlikely to have been done.
Moral superiority in international relations.	i often hear people say stuff like  we should not stoop to their level , or  we are better than that , or  let is be the bigger man here , when one nation is unjustly hostile to another, or does not behave unfairly.	the latter is easy, just wait for the old cons to die and hope that they did not spawn more cons.
Men's perspective on discussing feminism and equality.	one of my frustrations when trying to discuss feminism or equality is that as a man i feel my ideas or opinions are largely ignored or attacked by women.	you may not understand everything but your voice is just as important as others.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	i back in almost exclusively and i never turn my head around.
Responsibility of victims in bullying situations.	instead of blaming the bully, you blame the victim.	do you honestly believe that the end user will blame themselves and start reading the terms of service, extrapolating any possible scenario where they can be exploited ? you are putting the user in this case up against a team of lawyers, people who go to school for   years to make sure something is air tight ? i ca not remember where but the average time was that it would be  years to read the average person is terms of service agreements.
Criticism of human nature and selfishness.	i would never sacrifice the person i cared most about to help such a selfish, deliberately ignorant, and self centered species.	i know this sounds harsh, but everyone was always out for themselves, even when it was not even needed for survival.
Experience of reading and editing on a computer.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	to properly process and edit my photo is, i need a computer that can run lightroom or an equivalent program.
Scotland's potential independence and its impact on the UK's military.	well, first of all, the uk, currently the fourth largest military power in the world and a country that has a permanent seat on the un security council would be decimated in its strength.	scotland bears the full cost of tapping the oil reserves in the form of environmental degradation, dangerous jobs etc but only get back a fraction of the benefits.
Opinion on banning pet cats.	The federal government should ban pet cats. basically my view is rather simple i hate cats.	such a place would be great for you to live.
Types of atheism and their beliefs.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	it is not simply a lesser version of atheism or anything like that.
Freedom of speech and regulations.	i should be able to say what i want.	in fact, that is something far more characteristic of states run by governments that highly regulate speech.
Gender roles and stereotypes in sexual behavior.	i really want to start thinking that men could also be considered a whore and that a woman can be a player.	in the view that you have outlined, the actual sex that is had is meaningless, you either gain or lose points from the mechanical act of sex  does not matter, had sex.
Impact of Ridesharing on Immigrant Taxi Drivers.	finally, ridesharing is taking jobs away from hard working immigrants who come to north america specifically to drive cabs.	if there were ever enough uber cars to meet all of the demand that taxis meet, the price of uber cars would go way down, making uber cars much less profitable for the drivers themselves, which would lead to fewer drivers.
Accuracy of Mundane News Stories.	but these stories take up an inappropriate amount of space in the public impression of the media, and are hugely outnumbered by the mundane stories the press gets more or less right.	mundane stories that i actually know about are far from error free.
The limitations of commitment in marriage.	no one can make a commitment that lasts forever, no matter how much people fool themselves that that is what marriage is.	this presupposes that if you start to have feelings for someone else, you stop loving your partner.
Gender equality and shared responsibility in society.	i just think that the system should be fair to both sexes.	then the women has committed rape.
Politics and Governance.	in toronto last year, the mayor rob ford admitted to using crack cocaine while in office, spurring a backlash from the public.	what you describe here is an improper functioning of a democratic system.
Gender inequality and consumerism.	men are the overwhelming consumers, and women are the overwhelming workers.	because this all results from an underlying condition of gender inequality, your argument is actually circular: according to you, prostitution ca not coexist with gender equality because of its gender asymmetry, yet that gender asymmetry only exists because of a lack of gender equality in the first place.
Controversy over Ten Commandment monuments on public land.	allowing ten commandment monuments on public land forces christian beliefs on all non christians.	it just  forces  again, i think, too strong of a word to observe others adhering to their religion.
Generosity and Expectations.	showing a readiness to give more of something, as money or time, than is strictly necessary or expected.	evaluating they could have spent more is more rude, in my opinion.
***Possible topic: Reasons for an alien species to avoid making contact with humans.	but an alien species could collect an enormous amount of data from long distance visual observation and monitoring are telecommunication networks.	gonna disagree here.
Addiction and Responsibility.	addiction is a disease and a way to absolve people of responsibility for their actions.	let is look at depression instead.
The importance of policy and politics.	neither of these reasons have dick to do with policy.	you are able to vote for independents.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	i could replace him with someone else and my movie will make less.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	i disagree with this, but it does not matter either way.
US military failure in Iraq.	in other words, the united states just lost a war.	the original invasion of iraq had little to do with fighting terrorism.
Debate on the effectiveness and ethics of torture.	the torture can have no lasting major ill effects.	the biggest argument against your view is that torture does not produce good information.
Advantages of Welfare Reform.	there is also the huge benefit of less resentment of those on welfare.	this is true regardless of what you earmark it for, again unless the person in question starts out with zero choice about how to spend their money in the first place, which would make vouchers irrelevant anyway.
Importance of challenging students and the benefits of diversity.	secondly, there is danger in leaving any students unchallenged.	let is see who wins.
Risks of saving nude photos on phone.	i do not see any sort of reward for saving nude photos on your phone.	every activity, be it crossing the street or using a cellphone, carries some level of risk.
The Complexity of Racism.	racism stems from negative stereotypes that are trumped up and oppress a people in a certain group.	it is more colonialist than racist insofar as those can be separated because it continues the legacy of cultural destruction i briefly mentioned above.
Representation and Diversity in Art and Culture.	artistically, women are depicted as objects of beauty and desire, people is of color are barely depicted at all and white men are the creators of art.	and here you are using a non romance language without engendered nouns make a claim to the contrary.
Reincarnation and empirical evidence.	what is the most logical argument against the idea of reincarnation that you have heard or can come up with yourself ?	how can someone change your view if you have no empirical data ? i could claim i am from another galaxy based on feelings x, y, and z but if i offer no proof, what is there to really dispute ? there is a pretty famous million dollar challenge URL wherein if you can demonstrate  under proper observing conditions, evidence of any paranormal, supernatural, or occult power or event  you earn a million dollars.
Possessiveness in relationships.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	she did not  find a better option , how do you even know you were an option in her eyes ? from her perspective you could have just been a nice guy she talked to.
Religion and its interpretation by local communities.	to which she replied that while the text never changes the rules do and that you just ignore the text.	maybe my understanding of islam is a bit lackluster but as far as i know, muslims are not allowed to interpret the the text, which would speak against your friend is response.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	i really wish it was more socially acceptable for me to walk up to strangers on the street and ask them what their passionate about, but sadly our society is not there yet .
Fear of the Unknown in Natural Selection.	since natural selection shows us that the strong survive, at some point the human, or protohuman, brain tells humans that anything different is dangerous.	all animals have the ability to be fearful of what is new.
Debate on the Purpose of Organic Farming.	organic farming is supposed to be about creating an alternative to the unsustainable industrial agricultural system.	lucky for us there are a number of different certifications, from  organic which is probably a terrible URL way to farm for sustainability reasons to  made with organic ingredients.
Wealth and happiness	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	it is also by developing the right resume, and more importantly, the right reputation and relationships.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	URL the oil usage today in roughly  mmbd million of barrels of oil per day , compared to  mmbd from natural gas and  mmbd from coal therefore most of our fossil energy does not depend on petroleum.
Amorality of Company Actions.	any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	if people did not feel they were being adequately compensated, they would not choose to trade their labor.
Gender and Chromosomes.	that being said, sex is biologically deterministic and dependant on the appearance of the y chromosome.	what about cases of hermaphroditism or a defective y chromosome leading to a female phenotype ? children generally only receive a karotype when there is a reason to be concerned about possible chromosomal disorders should all female children be required to be karotyped to determine whether they are  really  female for the purpose of putting the correct letter on their id ?.
Misuse of the term "terrorist" and its consequences.	terrorist implies a simple good vs evil narrative which never applies in the real world.	a person or persons is attempting to intimidate or coerce a government to change policy or action by committing violence against a civilian population.
Blackface and its controversy.	when people arent trying to take jobs that could have been filled in by black people and people arent trying to make a caricature out of black peolle then painting thaire face black shouldent be a problem.	hell, a lot of blackface performers were black people.
Debate on the Death Penalty	the death penalty makes no sense in modern society.	i am not saying we should use the death penalty, but i do think it is a legitimate question that should not be brushed aside with lofty rhetoric.
Gender equality and reproductive rights.	if women are given control over their reproductive system contraception she is able to control the balance of power much more.	unless we are considering rape which we should not for this argument , a woman  does  have control over her reproductive system.
Individual responsibility in society.	however, society/life does nothing for x individual unless x does something first.	food, water, housing, education, electricity, education, welfare, and all other forms of resources  given to individuals  by society requires manpower.
Anti-abortion argument and its weakness.	the chief anti abortion argument is that fetuses are alive.	even if the fetus had some intrinsic right to life, bodily autonomy is more important.
Privilege and Oppression.	everything after  heterosexual white male  is supposed to make me oppressed, but i do not feel oppressed and i certainly do not feel privileged.	oppression does not have to manifest itself in major ways.
The use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	blacker ? what the hell is blacker ? how does one act black ? racism was still very prevalent just  years ago ! blacks were slaves  years ago.
Musical talent comparison between Page and Peart.	no one picks up a guitar and shreds solos like page.	first, i would say that neil peart is just as famous as any other member of rush.
Opinion on banning pet cats.	The federal government should ban pet cats. basically my view is rather simple i hate cats.	i am the one with the problem and the onus is on my to find myself a suitable location.
Police use of lethal firearms.	first off, why do your day to day patrol officers need lethal firearms ?	this is why police officers are more trigger happy in the usa, because they are afraid of their own lives.
Perception of Mutants in Spider-Man.	seem exactly like mutants spider man, for example who do not ever worry about stuff like that.	the fact that some of the struggles he is faced seem so similar is part of why he is supposed to be such good friends with wolverine and ice man.
Pregnancy as a Non-Disease in Healthcare	pregnancy is not a disease that needs to be cured.	when you look at the big picture, access to contraception is beneficial to the health of employees as well as the well being of society because it is so closely tied to positive societal health outcomes.
Security of credit card accounts.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	having someone is ssn allows you to open financial accounts, while a name alone does not.
Driving safety and emergency vehicle awareness.	not being able to hear emergency vehicles coming.	why ca not a deaf person make the decision to not converse while driving ? some cars have great sound proofing, and other people like to play loud music.
Athletic Ability in Summer Olympics	sports in the summer olympics take more athletic ability.	there really is not any winner between the two olympics.
Financial Responsibility and Choice of Spending.	i am forced to pay at least partially for all of these things and offered no way to choose where my money goes.	you are offered a choice about where your money goes, albeit indirectly.
Police brutality and lynching.	the purpose of lynching is to terrorize a minority community.	while it seems entirely possible that race played a role in the incident, it is extremely unlikely that the cop actually made the conscious decision to kill michael brown to serve as an example to the black community at large.
Casualties and conflict in Palestine and Israel.	by simply looking at the numbers of casualties on both sides, the casualties on the side of the palistinians massively outnumber the ones on the isrealian side.	why do they have a huge arms industry ? would you respect the terms of surrender from your opressor ? are you not aware that so called  safe zones  as stipulated by these phonecalls have also been bombed ? this is the slowest genocide in history yet it remains a genocide.
Male Privilege in Society	male do not believe they have the right to occupy more space than others.	men tend to take more space for themselves than women do because they tend on the whole to believe they have the right to occupy more space than others.
Scottish independence and political implications for the UK.	the last uk prime minister was scottish.	irrelevant.
The sustainability of democracy.	if you believe that democracy wo not fail, i ask what makes you believe that there will be enough smart people to outweigh the dumb people ?	as far as education is concerned, people are getting more educated, not less.
Closed-mindedness and breaking submission rule B.	you should not even try to change my view because what i speak is a truth manifested by the movement of all mankind throughout history.	honestly, it does not seem like you take this whole  cmv  thing very seriously.
LGBT representation in resources for intersex children and parents.	but when we are dealing with young children and their parents, there is a concern that the association with lgbt would drive away parents of intersex children who would otherwise seek out information and resources about intersex conditions.	to me, the word  queer  has two slightly different meanings.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	although it is true that any strips day to day or even week to week might have interchangeable character designs, a strip from  URL looks very, very different from a strip from  URL the designs eventually became the designs that we all know the s strips are pretty close , but the iconic designs are iconic for a reason; there is something brilliant about how some features are set in stone with precise lines but others are scribbled so that they are different every time check out this strip URL from .
Government assistance programs and homelessness.	the programs covered would be where an individual applies for benefits including food stamps, housing, medicaid, social security and so on.	so a pregnant woman can just be homeless, with no help for her baby.
Inaccuracies in the Gregorian calendar.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	christmas would always fall on a sunday, for example.
Limitations of Scientific Knowledge.	there is a lot that we know about the world because of science, but we cannot say for sure that we know everything about our own existence.	we know enough to rule things out.
Logic vs. Science in Understanding Human Behavior.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	there is nothing crazy, unintelligent, or illogical, in looking at a system and determining:  you know what, it is not perfect, but it works pretty well.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	if you were to drop dead now, your parents assuming they are alive , your friends, and those close to you in general will be pained by this.
Individual rights and justice.	i do not see how one of group of humans has the right to restrict another human is movement and intimately control their life.	you have ruined someones life.
Privacy and Email Tapping for Character Assassination.	the fact is that if we really value privacy as a right, then we should be appalled when someone is private emails or conversations are tapped for the purposes of character assassination.	like i said in the other comment, if obama was caught making derogatory remarks towards republicans, there is absolutely no reason he should not be held accountable for it.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	why not do that ? for one, neither side really wants to kill people that badly.
Racial insensitivity towards black people.	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	everything you feel about why those two different letters make it bad is the same why it is offensive for you to say  mah nigga  or anything.
Customizing mobile devices with jailbreaking and theming.	i have been able to make my jailbroken device look more beautiful and customized than i ever have with my phone or have seen on other is android phones.	the sky is truly the limit for setting up your device with an android phone.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	again, you ca not use it as an argument for banning religion unless you apply that logic to anything else.
Dealing with a friend's personal problems.	i think her problems are due to her own issues, and its unreasonable for her to drag me into her own problems.	does that mean they are not allowed to speak about it or try to change the world to fit them better ? i think that, if you are a racist and a homophobe, you should let your sister know, because that will save both of you a lot of frustration and wasted time.
Gender equality and reproductive rights.	if women are given control over their reproductive system contraception she is able to control the balance of power much more.	if the man protests to this, then you should have chosen a better man.
Importance of Not Missing School Days.	if you miss a few days, you end up fighting an uphill battle which makes all of your work worse as you try to both catch up on missed assignments and keep up with incoming ones.	here you get  days to make up for each day you missed.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	by definition, greed is a function of both supply as you seem to view it, which is valid and demand which you discount.
Cost-effectiveness of a program.	the cost of instituting the program is greater than the cost of the few people who actually mooch off the system.	what is your point ? what does this have to do with welfare recipients ? they do not get charged with anything for failing a drug test.
Labeling Feminism as Egalitarianism	why not label yourselves as something like egalitarian ?	like above, if i volunteered at a breast cancer charity, it does not mean i do not give a shit about other health issues, i just am choosing where to spend most of my focus.
The limitations of ethical consumerism in addressing climate change.	whether or not florida is sunk by rising sea levels is not a triviality that should be left to making sure you buy the right soy sauce.	that is the both greatest strength and the glaring weakness of a global marketplace.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	some of my most memorable moments with my childhood friends included sitting inside on a rainy day playing video games.
Regretting tattoos from a life-changing retreat.	anyway, my view is simply that tattoos are just not a good idea.	for people who get tattoos with a symbolic meaning:  does it really matter if the meaning does not apply to their current life ? it is a testament to a feeling they once had, that they will always be able to look back on.
Perceptions of the US military during the Iraq War.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	in the case of the military, if people were to stop volunteering for wars but voters/taxpayers kept wanting to go to war and funding it, we would simply draft people to fight.
Race relations and individual rights.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	; but individuals are punished for their personal choices.
Distracted driving and car safety warnings.	not being able to hear warnings their car is giving them.	the  ding  that normal people hear is not at all informative.
The effectiveness of education research and scientific method in education.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	similarly, people change, and even with quantitative research it is impossible to have perfectly repeatable circumstances because the world does not stop moving.
Government spending on war versus domestic needs.	usa spends huge money on war and donates to countries.	parents are gonna send the kids away that they do not want or ca not afford.
Importance of intimacy in sexual relationships.	sex is a very powerful action that does not necessarily have to be used for conception every time, but should only be used between two very close people.	but a relationship is not remotely required for sex.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	you ca not bring your protest inside wal mart, but you are free to protest on public property.
Comparison of intellectual merit between reading and watching.	reading something like  fifty shades of grey  is not intellectually superior to watching something like  hiroshima mon amour.	i have heard a lot of people actually describe classic movie buffs as  phony intellectuals,  trying to overcompensate for how non bookwormish they are.
Comparison of Classical Liberalism and Conservatism.	classical liberalism is a philosophy of limited government and personal liberty.	you are so close with this line here, you just need to remove the  classical  part.
Selfishness and the Human Experience.	however, you miss out on what a significant part of the human experience.	both are selfish because you are doing what suits you most.
Controversy over abortion and fetal viability.	i watched a girl i worked with drink and smoke her way to a miscarriage when she had twins and then have an abortion.	a fetus is more like a  body part  until it can survive outside of the womb.
Punishment for rape and other crimes.	in my mind, the rapist is not punished like the other criminals, as he can continue to live with the spoils of his crime.	this kind of behavior might be triggered by the rapists gloating or reliving their crime, or other unacceptable actions.
Civilian casualties in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.	israel cannot justify the massive civilian death toll as countering the palestinian resistance is measures of last resort.	as a legal principle we punish attempted first degree murder with life in jail it is widely recognized that attempted murder is also an evil crime.
Making informed decisions versus immediate decisions.	others have the incentive of going with immediate decisions without making an informed choice, which i would reason, ends up in regret.	because you ca not always sit around and deliberate on decisions.
Human rights as social constructs and their limitations.	i believe all rights given to any human are social constructs, produced by society from moral structures determined by a multitude of factors.	why ? because it harms others and we know that harming others is wrong.
Preventing teen pregnancies and dropouts.	we could spend more time teaching safe sex and avoiding teen pregnancies, which lead to drop outs.	tl;dr your problem is that you are equating certain sexual acts as belonging wholly in the realm of  gay  or  straight.
Depression and its impact on others.	how rude for my depression to inconvenience the people around me.	that you are cutting the journey short, never to realize and accomplish the things you were supposed to ? because your mind and thinking is clouded right now, what with your depression and all the negativity around you which is totally understandable.
Definition of Altruism	the bigger the sacrifice, the more generous the person.	this would be a paradox to generosity being a function of sacrifice, where altruism is some constant c.
Definition of terrorism.	but as the years go by the word is being more and more loosely defined.	you kind of dilute your argument at the end when you get into the  success  of the  war on terror , so let me focus on your title and the beginning of your post.
Compensation for prisoner labor.	people, even prisoners should not be exploited for free labor.	even middle to upper level white collar labor has this, although it is much worse at the low end of the labor market and this is where the prisoners are.
Opinion on banning pet cats.	The federal government should ban pet cats. basically my view is rather simple i hate cats.	should there be zoning laws about where you can live if you have kids ? no.
Limitations of an all-powerful being.	if you have an answer to that question, that same answer could be translated to the universe.	and how does that disprove possibility of god ? purposed of god are inscrutable to finite being.
Consequences of Unprotected Sex.	you played the game, had your fun, got burned, and have to deal with the consequences.	the way i see it, if a couple legally consents to piv sex, both the man and the woman have implicitly consented to the possibility of pregnancy.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	rather, criticizing people who butt in and say  not all men  is criticizing  those people for butting in and changing the topic of discussion.
Public perception of police use of force.	the difference is that police officers wield firearms with the capacity to maim and kill.	public opinion towards the police, lately, has been negative, with everyone wearing gopros to see cops shooting dogs.
Far-right extremism and its definition.	i believe fascist neo nazi groups, the kkk, the golden dawn or any religious extremist group like radical islamism all fall under the far right.	which brings me to this point as you eliminate extremist thoughts, more and more moderate thought begins to be extreme.
Charities and CEO Salaries.	many charities that you may donate to pay their employees and ceo is ridiculous salaries.	they would spend their whole lifes just to service one person, while they barely get by.
The importance of feminism in addressing abuse against women.	women choose whose genes get passed along almost completely.	i want feminism because if i know about  girls, at least one of them statistically would have been abused at some point, and the social and institutional structures to help her are not really there yet.
Speeding and Traffic Safety.	if we all obeyed them, traffic would come to a crawl.	same goes for faster speed limits if everyone is driving at the same speed.
Importance of Industry Experience in Politics.	we will finally be able to have smart politicians instead of popular politicians in office.	from what i have seen, the smartest politicians who can actually address issues are not popular.
The ethics of a sociopath in politics.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	he might encourage pandemics to toughen the immunities of the survivors.
Racism and Society's Segregation.	tell me why the society that condones racism is  better , especially for minorities.	the only way people would demand for racist services is if writ large people are in fact racist.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	i believe that expensive engagement rings and elaborate wedding ceremonies are a waste of money and only serve to make women feel spoiled and/or special.	feelings are important.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	peanuts was also quite a progressive strip and was important in breaking barriers, featuring black characters and female characters in the s, s and s that certainly did not conform to the stereotypes of the time.
***Topic: The Need for Big Scale Economic and Global Policy	big scale economic and global policy is needed, because the problem is trillions of times bigger than one guy and his yacht.	however, all our voices do not carry the same weight.
Gun Training and Safety.	training should focus on both the legal framework regarding gun usage and proper shooting technique and gun maintenance.	training is not going to stop the vast majority of this, because homicides are going to be almost entirely situations in which one person intentionally pointed a gun at another.
Personal views on feminism and equality.	after studying feminism in an academic setting, there were many ideas i agreed with and many i disagreed with.	i feel like i understand where you are coming from about the low bar although i think it should be acknowledged that truly a revolution has taken place in the last  years if being a second wave feminist is now the new normal.
The rationality of betting on God's existence.	betting on there being a god is the smart decision because there might be a pay off, while atheism has no reward.	the key word you are stating is betting, if you  bet  on  god  then you are not actually believing in it, you ca not be legitimately convinced that a deity exists simply because you feel like it would be the higher payout.
Libertarianism and Discrimination.	i tire of discussions of natural rights and how libertarians treat everyone with equality, because everyone is allowed to discriminate equally !	you not allowing others into your house based on their race or religion, does not harm them in any way.
Comparison between laptop and tablet.	using a laptop is just a less ergonomic experience.	this is really a matter of personal taste.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	in short, religion makes a convenient bad guy because religious people can be obnoxious, they are super easy to identify and the lines between them are very clear.
Negative attitudes towards feminism outside of subreddit.	there are no jokes about feminism or women is rights, which are actually quite frequent outside of the subreddit.	tyt has come out on the side of men is rights issue wise many times so i wo not take the posting of this feminist pandering idiot seriously.
Casual sex and its effects on society.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	i dated the first two for at least  months, and am still seeing the third.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	so you essentially invalidated your own point.
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	which makes this a pro life debate based on religion.
Swiss-like foreign policy and government services.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	the way we import and export goods are all dictated by the policies we have set and vise versa.
Dieting and Burning Calories.	that would take hours to burn off, even with incredibly strenuous exercise and might lead you to give up on your diet for that day.	or knock off  kcal from your daily diet for the next  days.
Dieting and Exercise vs. Regulating Caloric Intake	i do not care about being right i care about losing weight, and i never wanna do yoga again !	also, eating slower literally slower will also help you eat less.
Misunderstanding of Immigration.	some one from another country using mexico as an example from here on out immigrates here one way or another for a better life.	japan is a first world country and her life would be just as good in japan, but she is moving because she loves me.
Economic mobility and deservingness of prosperity in America.	While there are still some who are struggling, a large percentage have lived and worked hard to live a prosperous life here in America.	poor families do not deserve it? obviously the people who have the money and resources to become citizens deserve what they have worked hard for. but poor families worked hard too.
Police dogs and legal consequences.	police often order these large, high strung, attack trained animals to chase down, bite into, drag down, and maul on human beings.	destroying government property is a felony.
Challenges of Law Enforcement and Professional Standards.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	guess the fuck what ? nobody forced you to be a cop.
Household chores and responsibilities.	you now would have to do all that shit on your own.	single people, for example, do  not  find their time split up in the way you have described.
Consistency of devices in schools.	secondly, lack of consistency with students  devices would cause confusion.	finding a specific app on your phone/tablet.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	mark hamill, carrie fisher, and harrison ford were not going to win any awards for their acting.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	or they want to date not thin people and do not feel like theyre  settling  ? why do you get upset when others have a different standard of beauty than you ? i think these women should be praised and promoted.
Advantages of sliced sandwiches.	first, a sliced sandwich is always superior to one that has not been sliced.	it also cuts down on the amount of crumbs created.
Polyamory and societal norms surrounding love.	love is not something you can throw around nilly willy.	why ? in summary, why ? you are asserting your closed minded beliefs and assuming that they should apply to all people.
Issues with the Penalty System in Sports.	the penalty itself lacks rationale, in that the offending player is simply victim of the laws of physics and momentum.	another possibility: the offender may be timing their block to make minor contact say, landing on an ankle that may in turn have a major impact on the game a sprain, leaving one team without an effective scorer.
Discussion on sexuality and LGBTQ+ events.	however, when i go to gay pride, i notice the whole thing is very sexual with lewd performances and so on.	why do you think promiscuity is a bad thing ? i am also not sure what do you mean with that last sentence, are you saying that all asexual people are incapable of love, and aromantic people are just lying to themselves ? it is often like there is not that middle stage.
Debate on animals' desire for life.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	nothing lives forever, and  everything  gets its sustenance by breaking down other living or formerly living things.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	then they distribute it amongst each other, as a merely pragmatic thing.
Adoption versus Biological Children	why insist on having your biological child when so many are in need of a family ?	our instincts are geared toward rearing our own biological children.
Automation and State Ownership of Robots.	eventually, all the jobs will theoretically be gone, then all of the robots need to be owned by the state, otherwise the majority of the populace become nothing more than the property of those that own the robots.	the current economic system relies on people needing to work for things.
Polyamory and Selectivity in Relationships.	a relationship should be between two people.	or, they are committed to more than one person, and it is monogamous people who are avoiding commitment ! no, you know what is selfish ? telling your partner that they are never allowed to have sex with anyone else because you want them all to yourself.
The importance of emotional connection in sexual relationships.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	it can be as used a stress relieving tool as easily as it can be used to grow a relationship.
Comparison of parenting styles: biological vs polygamous vs same-sex marriage.	the only valid statistical studies we have have shown that a biological mother and father to be the best, on average, for children.	how exactly does allowing more gender combinations weaken marriage ? kindly point us towards those studies, as they are in direct contradiction to recent studies that show that children growing up in same sex families are just as well adjusted as straight families.
Debate on the Benefits of Reading Books.	a typical argument would be how much more engaging a book is because you are using your imagination to form scenes and develop characters, but i think readers generally take that concept to a level that simply does not exist.	while in the book you figure it out based upon what you already know.
Discussion on the concept of human nature.	people always talk about how pure children are.	the thing that separates us from the animals is our ability to try and curb our violent, selfish nature.
Dangers of Revenge Porn.	but so can other behaviors by resentful lovers, such as gossip, cheating, backstabbing, betrayal, and financial exploitation.	add to that the view of society, and plastering naked pictures or videos on a medium from which they can never be practically removed, and it seems foolish to compare it to your other behaviors which basically amount to personal disagreements.
Benefits of Appointing Active Bystanders in Schools	active bystanders also remove much of the burden from the school.	schools and teachers are almost completely incapable of telling a bully from a victim of bullying.
The dangers of indoor smoking.	once dissipated, the concentration of toxins is negligible.	smokers are not assaulting you, they just smell really bad and it is really annoying, and when enough people are being annoying assholes laws start to get made.
Disabling Ads and Payment Methods.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	acceptable ads do not disrupt or distort the page content we are trying to read.
Criticism of Feminist Naming Conventions	i am all for that, but as feminists, why choose a name that now singles out women ?	i think you are missing the point.
Weddings and gender roles.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	not all weddings are about the woman.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	the reason there is not a  shoot second  policy is because that ends up with more dead cops and fewer people to stop a shooting spree.
Possessiveness in relationships.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	that does not mean you have staked a claim, it does not mean she belongs to you, it does not mean a god damned thing.
Problems with BYOD in education.	there are many other problems that byod could cause, such as cheating, distractions, resistance from those who hate change, spying, and overall forcing students to integrate technology even deeper into their lives.	even without byod the students already have ways of dividing each other.
Flaws of a non-democratic system.	the  people  in such a system no longer have the power, which is what a democracy is supposed to be.	when the effect of one man is vote is negligible, the rights of the individual get trampled, and the only entities given consideration are those that can effectively organize ex.
Dangers of treating information as property and patent trolls.	treating information as property creates dangerous entities like patent trolls, which do not create anything but merely buy and sell information for profit.	for the same reason society is compelled to adhere to any other property law, it is the bedrock upon which civilization and markets are built.
Police brutality and technology's impact on awareness.	almost daily we hear of police shooting and killing unarmed and unthreatening citizens along with animals.	the problem is they do not address the issue of if police misconduct is increasing or decreasing.
Financial challenges of school athletic programs.	what is more of an unreasonable expectation ?	what are you saying can be done about it ? schools typically lose money on athletic programs.
Efficiency of government vs private sector and privatization.	there is not a single example of a government organization working with greater efficiency than a corporate or private sector competitor.	a lot of what the government does is just containing damage of shit that happens or dealing with misfortune.
Gun violence and its impact on society.	not to mention the amount of people who die each year due to violence with the use of guns and firearms such as mass killings of innocent lives.	i know that in germany, proper storage of firearms is imperative.
Criticism of Environmental Hypocrisy in Private Jet Use	i have never heard these guys advocate the ban of private jets.	what, is he supposed to travel by hot air balloon ? you ca not tell people that they must make sacrifices for the environment and then be unwilling to do it yourself.
Protection from discrimination and individual responsibility.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	there is also the idea that a non centralized education system would be better than a government education system.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	some people are happy doing their own thing and some people are happy helping others become happy.
Gender-neutral bathrooms and potential concerns.	as trans/queer gendered people are coming out and becoming more accepted, distinguishing between two genders for the bathroom just reinforces a gender binary that could potentially alienate them.	i also do not want a man in the next stall when i am emptying my diva cup or changing a pad.
Consent and Birth Conditions.	apparently, i consented to these conditions by being born.	we live in a republic, meaning citizens decide how taxes are spent through indirect representation.
Myth of European tolerance.	that european culture promotes tolerance is by far the most pervasive european myth.	what place of earth has clean past ? americans killed off whole culture and put them in reservations.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	say he is using a handgun, and he shoots  rounds and hits one.
Advantages of using a trailer for moving.	if you actually want to move a lot of stuff a trailer is a lot more practical.	they may also be convenient for many small loads, as it is easy to just throw things in the back without having to even drop the tailgate.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	society makes women feel they are now damaged, that feeling of being damaged is not a result of people trying to be supportive and saying how terrible the woman is experience was.
Pros and Cons of Having Children.	not having child is objectively a great decision, economically, time wise, etc.	having kids is the best way to achieve this.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	even if i accept the idea that we could develop an objective test of fitness for public office, it is by no means obvious that widening the talent pool would result in the individuals of greater fitness assuming office, even as an average.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	and;  life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
The meaning of life.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	that is all the meaning you can hope for.
Advancements in public health.	from hygiene improvements, to increasing indoor plumbing, to funding research programs into vaccines and future medicines.	it is the mentality of the people that needs to be changed.
Fatherhood joys and challenges.	think of all the joys fatherhood brings.	this is not to say that you should or should not have a kid.
Race and Libertarianism.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	as society becomes more segregated, racism will become normalized once again and we will be right back in the social situation of .
Legalization of Racism and its Impact on Free Market	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	it comes from an understanding about and appreciation of the alternative viewpoint, which is best accomplished through social force rather than government force.
The role and consequences of anger.	lastly nothing consequently good can come from anger.	showing anger during a negotiation can cause the negotiation to go in favor of the angered one.
Acknowledging the Existence of Horrible Black People.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	thats a horrible life.
The role and consequences of anger.	lastly nothing consequently good can come from anger.	it can also be used to scare people away from things that might harm them or others did your mom ever get angry when you tried to do dumb kid stuff ?.
Social isolation among gamers.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  athletes  have fewer  real  friends though their circle of acquaintances may be large , tend not to be able to view women as friends at all rather viewing them primarily as possible sexual partners.
Acknowledging the Existence of Horrible Black People.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	so why would they make their own lives harder just to ruin a country ?.
NBA's entertainment value vs. offering opportunities for shorter players.	while some, even the majority of, people will always prefer the nbas entertainment value, there is little to be lost by offering the vertically challenged a chance to strut their stuff.	uniforms, coaches, buses, etc.
Private vs Government Space Exploration Funding	spacex and virgin galactic have been able to do with limited funding what nasa could not do with a much bigger government backed budget.	on the other end making the nation dream can produce a lot of economic growth and indirectly advance the living standards a lot more than millions would have.
The impact of abolishing intellectual property on science and progress.	i also believe that abolishing intellectual property could result prejudicial to science and progress as less people would be willing to dedicate their lives to innovating.	research is essentially a work for the common good and the results will be added to the common knowledge of mankind.
Storage of Information by Search Engines	thirdly, all information no matter how irrelevant or relevant should be stored by search engines.	do you understand now what the right to be forgotten law is trying to accomplish ? they are not obliterating the information from the internet, they are making it harder to find.
Dishonesty in Fashion.	i still feel at some level that i and everybody else is cheating themselves and everybody else by dressing a certain way.	if i present myself in a certain way, does not that make me the kind of person who would present themselves in that way ? is not that kind of a tautology, that everything i do is exactly the kind of thing i would do ?.
Protection from discrimination and individual responsibility.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	the right to life has nothing to do with education and healthcare.
Cultural exports and perspectives on culture.	the  cultural export  of australia is tiny when compared to that of, say, france, which has had thousands of years of art, poetry, and science.	remember how the normans conquered england URL and forced their culture onto them ? how about when the nazis conquered most of europe URL to the nazis, the jewish people were  less cultured  but this simply is not the case URL on the flipside, the us is incredible in expressing and exporting their cultural items URL but this does not mean they are  more cultured  than anybody else it is just a sharing of their thoughts and way of life.
Race relations and individual rights.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	it is  okay for you to  discriminate  in your personal life based on any criteria you see fit.
Thanksgiving meal preferences and tradition.	we keep lying to ourselves, while we fill up on everything but turkey.	give me a candy cane every week and i will be damn sick of them, but do not say i do not enjoy them when i do eat them.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	christians use the metaphor cause it is familiar to them but there is no science.
Fitness and Body Size.	the prevailing opinion is that being massive being fit, and that is just plain wrong in my opinion.	that is hardly surprising though considering that when it comes to fitness there are only two real categories: muscular strength, and cardiovascular being flexible seems like a different category to me, but regardless there are programs recommended for that too.
Advocating for higher speed limits on roads.	the roads can be safely navigated at higher speeds.	actually if everyone drove the same speed  / a few mph traffic would run flawlessly.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	those who love you here in this life will die.
Properties of pi.	yet the digits of pi are never ending and never repeating.	it is not repeating, but it can be infinite.
Compensation for prisoner labor.	people, even prisoners should not be exploited for free labor.	prisoners are compensated for their labor.
Road safety laws and permit restrictions for cars and bikers.	with these laws i think the roads would become a much safer place for cars and bikers, and many laws will be cleared up for bikers who do not understand the law.	education is the solution and parents educate their children properly if they want to be safe bicyclists there is no reason to regulate bicycling like there is cars, if there was it would have been implemented when bicycling was a major mode transportation in the earlier  is before/as cars were taking off.
Summary of "The Giving Tree" by Shel Silverstein	for those unfamiliar, a tree most likely signifying parents provides a boy with anything he needs until he takes everything the tree can give leaving only the stump.	otherwise it is just about a boy taking all he can from the tree until the tree is gone.
Freedom of thought and expression.	no doubt, the less hatred, the better. but using abusive ways to reach this goal is wrong.	i agree that education is, indeed, the best way to solve ignorance and hatred but anti discrimination laws do not preclude education.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	do not look at this in the context of a wallet, but rather in the context of what creates demand for what you would consider to be a creative product.
Interpretation of Jesus' view on the Law of God.	since we are already aware jesus does not think the law of god is mosaic law the only other alternative is that the law mentioned he is referring to is the law of god.	are the events described in the bible where these laws are transcribed inaccurate in your view ? if so, how do we know the words of jesus are accurate here ? why do you ignore the fact that scribes  write things down  ? hypothetically, if moses was really acting as a scribe for a god, that god could ask him what he wrote, yes ? what would moses say ? maybe something like,  i wrote what you told me to write.
Superficiality in Dating and Social Settings	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	people tend to eliminate a potential partner based off of appearance first because appearance only takes a very very short amount of time to judge.
Privacy and Email Tapping for Character Assassination.	the fact is that if we really value privacy as a right, then we should be appalled when someone is private emails or conversations are tapped for the purposes of character assassination.	but if they say something in private and that is what they really believe, then i do not see how you can argue that we ca not judge them for it.
Importance of Happiness vs Money	doing what makes you happy is just as important as making money.	to me, this is a ridiculous, and potentially harmful worldview.
The importance of secrets and thoughts in people's lives.	i personally have sworn off secrets in my life, but i know many people do not want to.	giving up so much privacy, would give the government unimaginable power over it is people.
The role of the government in business and society.	society needs rich people to look up to.	i admire enterprising people because of their skill and drive, not their bottom line.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	peanuts is not about sentiment or really about humor.
Attire at Music Festivals.	should girls be expected to wear bikini tops and bra is in public ?	policing the clothing choice of one gender for festivals seems like the wrong thing to do.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	many of their wives play with them even.
Scottish independence and political implications for the UK.	the last uk prime minister was scottish.	if that is what the english vote for.
Hero worship of police and their growing aggression.	however, for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	why should they get any more pr they do not earn, that would lessen the emphasis of the importance of their lack of accountability ?.
Opinions on charitable challenges and personal donations.	i feel that these sorts of challenges like ice bucket challenge are the kind of things people would want to do anyway, and raising money is mainly an excuse to do so.	is not the idea that they  are not  sponsoring your hobby ? you even put it like this in your op:   for example, doing a race/cycling trip/skydive/trip to climb a mountain etc, in which  they will raise money for the actual challenge themselves  but then ask friends/colleagues/family to donate to the charity on their behalf.
Blurring of sci-fi/fantasy events with alternative lifestyle events.	sci fi/fantasy events are no longer particularly visually different from alternative lifestyle events, despite theoretically having little to do with that.	but i do not think that solves anything.
Dealing with a friend's personal problems.	i think her problems are due to her own issues, and its unreasonable for her to drag me into her own problems.	regarding , however, unequivocally, yes.
Misconceptions about the Basis of Capitalism.	the basis of capitalism is that the hard working have a comfortable life and the non hard workers have a relatively less comfortable life.	not only is that not the basis, it is not even true.
Inefficiency of Government Spending and Vouchers.	from the government is perspective, money is also being spent inefficiently.	the result is less money getting to the people that you are trying to help.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	those magical owls are fast.
The ethics of suicide and societal intervention.	if you have committed no crimes against someone else, nor infringed upon their rights, society has no right to stop you from taking your own life if that is what you so choose.	society ca not stop but you ca not deny that it is selfish.
Libertarian views on race and discrimination.	libertarians claim that the free market or  social pressure  will eventually lead to a post racial world.	what makes you think this would cause huge problems on a national scale ? i could see how you would think this would could problems in a few small cities in the south, but do you honestly think that more than  of employers would begin to discriminate if it were allowed ? any business focused on making maximum profit would certainly not do such a foolish thing.
Refereeing and Holding Calls.	i acknowledge that referees seem to call  holding  only on actions that directly affect the outcome of the play.	i agree, refs are usually pretty good at only calling unambiguous calls.
Gun control in the USA.	maybe there is a deterrence factor, but are not all these recent police shootings evidence that deterrence often fails with tragic results ?	if someone is willing to resist arrest, whether or not that person has a gun determines the course of action a police officer should take.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	sometimes you have to make it big so that everyone can attend who wants to.
STI testing and Planned Parenthood's goals.	for society as a whole, people would be benefited by frequent and free sti tests.	planned parenthood does not exist to benefit society, they exist to achieve their individual goals.
Debate on the Harmlessness of Santa Claus	santa is harmless and all those claiming that the idea that he is harmful are being oversensitive.	now, i also had to  promise  that i would keep this special secret   never ruin this surprise for any kid who did not know because that is not very warm, giving or jolly either.
Regional differences in Scottish and English interests.	there does not seem to be the kind of evidence of regional balkanization one would see if scottish interests were truly divergent from those of the rest of the uk.	could you expand on this point a bit further ? i am unfamiliar with the term balkanisation but am i correct that you are suggesting that you would expect there to be some sort of hostility between scotland and the ruk if the interests were divergent ? if you look at the long term, i think there is certainly a divergence between how scotland sees itself going forward and how england sees itself.
Civilian casualties in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.	israel cannot justify the massive civilian death toll as countering the palestinian resistance is measures of last resort.	what method do they have that satisfies the dual desires, reduce israeli ptsd and military expenses, reduce palestine civilian deaths ? they do some methods to reduce deaths certainly.
Challenges of mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.	why are we trying to push btc mainstream ?	fiat cash can easily be put in a bank or held physically under the mattress and is accepted by  of the population.
The effects of parenthood on brain chemistry and success.	when you become a parent, your brain chemistry changes and you biochemically become a completely different person.	by this logic any hobby or interest is exactly the same.
Online Dating and Consumerism.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	i would not approach people that i am not attracted to in person or online.
Leadership and Sociopathy.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	in the mean time, their complete lack of moral sense means they think nothing of antagonizing and belittling people who might otherwise be of great value to them.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	his  all green screen, all digital  prequel trilogy approach has been taken up by a number of other popular filmmakers.
Consequentialism and Universal Maxims.	by considering whether something ought to be a universal maxim, we are already considering the consequences of that thing being a universal law.	for kant, if all people do  y , and this results in a contradiction, then  y  is not a viable maxim.
Depression and its impact on others.	how rude for my depression to inconvenience the people around me.	i have maintained this mask of everything being okay and judging them for not seeing through it.
Job market and wages in China.	the competition is extremely high for all kinds of jobs hence why salaries are pressed down, especially for entry level positions.	decreasing people is only one possible answer.
Misuse of sarcasm as a response to criticism.	i realize that the  so edgy  response if often made half jokingly, which is completely fine.	what makes you think this is the case ? i agree that it stops the discussion but it seems to me that is the point.
Homeless man's ability to care for a dog.	today i saw a homeless man with a dog and which lead me to thinking that he should not be allowed to look after the dog if he cannot even look after himself.	it is possible to live without a roof over one is head, but still get by.
Misuse of the term "terrorist" and its consequences.	terrorist implies a simple good vs evil narrative which never applies in the real world.	the news media reporting on this characterization is not propaganda in and of itself they were merely reporting on the content of government is argument for the second war in iraq.
Criticism of Miss America pageant.	but i do not understand why these pageants are accepted and even celebrated.	why do you get to determine what is relevant ? miss america is  optional.
Importance of Happiness vs Money	doing what makes you happy is just as important as making money.	once above the poverty line, the amount of money does not correlate with happiness anymore.
Controversial stance on birth control and reproduction.	therefore i would like to see methods of preventing birth like birth control and abortion illegalized, along with a legal requirement to reproduce.	how exactly is this going to increase the total happiness of earth ? did you forget that women are human beings with emotions, ambitions, desires, and that many women do not want be baby factories ?.
Dieting and Exercise vs. Regulating Caloric Intake	i do not care about being right i care about losing weight, and i never wanna do yoga again !	if you are managing your calories, these programs  may  make it easier.
"Defending Racism and Discrimination in Society"	tell me why the society that condones racism is  better , especially for minorities.	let is say i am a racist and i refuse to allow hispanics into my home, because i hate hispanics.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	i can do everything through my neighbor is address without my neighbor ever knowing.
Argument against reincarnation.	in broad terms, what is the most logical argument against the idea of reincarnation that you have heard or can come up with yourself ?	in the broadest terms: the brain is a pattern matcher.
The Complexity of Racism.	racism stems from negative stereotypes that are trumped up and oppress a people in a certain group.	but even on the subject of stereotypes, they do not have to be obviously negative to be harmful.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	you made this about gender if your first line of  i, a woman.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	teams stacked with one or two great players cannot overcome the difficulties they face when their team cannot help them.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	or the ground.
Grindr hookup culture.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	i think that a large group of people without the religious attitude toward promiscuity will have more promiscuous sex.
Protection against discrimination and constitutional rights.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	and that is not constitutional, or correct.
Polygamy as a recognized form of marriage.	when we last redefined marriage with no fault divorce, divorce rates skyrocketed and a number of problems worsened.	it used to be legal for husbands to rape their wives.
The limitations of ethical consumerism.	in practice, ethical consumerism is used as an excuse to abolish democratically implemented regulations, leaving huge questions the environment, workers rights, and the like to the will of a system that inherently values profit over superficial  ethics .	where once i had to go a co op, pay a membership fee, and pay a premium to get organic produce.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	you had absolutely no need for electricity.
The effectiveness of education research and scientific method in education.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	there seems to be this running trend that if knowledge cannot be neatly compartmentalized, it must be worth less than knowledge that can, and i find that perspective to be pretty short sighted.
Spoilers and disinterest in a TV show.	if you do not care about the show, why get all uppity if you now know the ending ?	they were not going to watch it anyway, yet get stuffy about learning it ? i guess in this specific situation you are in the right, but this really only accounts for people who have already said they were not going to watch the show/read the book.
Spoilers and their impact on people.	if you do not care about the show, why get all uppity if you now know the ending ?	people should however not go out of their ways to be disrespectful of the fact that some people may be still making their way through the show/content etc.
The art of magic and suspension of disbelief.	there is suspension of disbelief, not only for that magician but then for all magicians.	that is the primary goal of magic and magicians.
Legalization of Racism in Housing, Employment, and Public Services.	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	you do not want to hire whites and blacks at your asian restaurant ? well your allowed to decide who can work at  your  business, just like you can decide who can come on to your  private  property.
The limited success of college football players in going pro.	the free education argument does not fly either.	in football for instance, less than  of college football players turn pro URL the rest end up doing something else.
Accessibility to basic human needs.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	it is worse for the teacher who did not do as good of a job, but it is hard to make the argument that the person who is in charge of the school is greedy.
Controversy over new gender identities.	making up new genders, like genderqueer, is pretty confusing to me.	gender  identity  is a biological thing and related to development of the brain.
Limitations of investing time in social and technological movements.	so, in choosing between investing one is time in creating a potentially revolutionary social and technological movement vs.	spending my time to chase after her is a waste of everyone is time and resources.
Definition of true peace.	i personally think true peace is the time when humans as a whole understand each other.	commonly understood as the absence of hostility and retribution, peace also suggests sincere attempts at reconciliation, the existence of healthy or newly healed interpersonal or international relationships, prosperity in matters of social or economic welfare, the establishment of equality, and a working political order that serves the true interests of all.
Vegetarianism and sexual orientation as innate characteristics.	i am a sort of buddhist who believes unless you are stuck in the jungle in a survival of the fittest situation, you have no moral justification to eat meat, cmv.	if it ca not recognize itself in a mirror, i would say it is a far stretch to say that it can comprehend its own death.
Controversy surrounding Arvo in a video game.	we all love lee even though he did something just as bad; we ca not judge arvo for what little we have seen of him especially in his state.	it is implied that lee is crime involved people really close to him, which led to a sense of betrayal and overreaction.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	do you want to leave meeting someone who you are perfect with to chance, or do you want to take some agency and increase your odds by using these new tools ? dating sites can increase your odds of creating an optimal relationship for the following reasons: .
Criticism of polyamorous relationships.	polyamory just seems like a rather immature way to have a relationship with.	that does not mean it is not for other people.
Challenges of Law Enforcement and Professional Standards.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	how the fuck do you people expect cops to be so damn perfect ? ! because they are the enforcers of the law, and i expect the utmost in every encounter.
Accusations of Racism and Failure to Accept Self-Identity	i am accused of just being secretly racist, which i do not know how to disprove.	race is a social construct, but to tell someone who identifies as irish that there is no such thing is likewise rude and tone deaf.
Ray Rice's suspension from the NFL.	so i heard an interesting opinion about the ray rice situation, so he assaulted his fiance, and when the video of that got leaked, public outrage caused him to be suspended from the nfl permanently.	permanent means he ca not come back ever, indefinitely means they simply have not decided how long to suspend him for.
Libertarian views on race and discrimination.	libertarians claim that the free market or  social pressure  will eventually lead to a post racial world.	maybe you will find an analogy more convincing since you do not see the importance of the right to interact with whoever you want.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	plenty of people are afraid of death yet not everyone shares your point of view on this.
The never-ending nature of wars on terror, crime, and poverty.	the problem with the war on terror is there will never be an end.	yes, in the same way that  the war on crime  or  the war on poverty  will never be  won.
Polygamy and Women's Rights in Past Societies	the end result as with most polygamous societies in the past is a small number of elite men hoarding all the women.	polygamy is already a cultural taboo.
Possessiveness in relationships.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	she rejects you ? move the fuck on ! do not dip your toes in the water trying to do this in that.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	therefore fossil energy has viable reserves that will last over  years.
Advantages of being attractive	i believe because of these factors, attractive people ultimately have happier lives and have way more success while putting in way less work, financially, socially, and emotionally.	to a point attractive people have advantages, but there are more ugly people than attractive people.
Misunderstanding about desktop and computer relationship.	my desktop contains my computer, which contains my hard drive, which contains my profile, which contains my desktop.	also you talk about this as someone who does not seem to have ever really  used  the desktop functionality, to be honest.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	we as a society have agreed that people are in charge of their actions and that rapists are not mindless individuals who simply react to stimuli.
Idealizing people and breaking down stereotypes.	back then i believed there was a distinction between party rats and nice girls, and she seemed to embody essentially everything about the  nice girl .	would you have sex with a hot girl during that period if she initiated it ? i know i would.
Capital punishment and use of the electric chair	some of these people who commit these crimes make me want to personally execute them.	you want to torture people who have committed heinous crimes, the only problem is   cmv: we should bring back the electric chair with this logic, you are asking the state to have the power to do that.
Misunderstanding of Immigration.	some one from another country using mexico as an example from here on out immigrates here one way or another for a better life.	it is possible to honor your background and also be a proud american.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	human average lifespan is approximately  years.
Debate on the effectiveness and ethics of torture.	the torture can have no lasting major ill effects.	if we can predict future crimes, torture is unnecessary.
Starting something based on calendar system vs. seasons.	there is no rhyme or reason to wait until the arbitrary beginning of a calendar system to start something.	and once that is over, you start afresh.
Selfishness and the Human Experience.	however, you miss out on what a significant part of the human experience.	and that is ok.
Doubt about human and animal evolution based on biblical beliefs.	i do not believe; however, that humans are direct descendents of any species, and i do not believe that birds and dogs for example had any common ancestor.	i am aware of the chain linking humans and primates but know little of what the community of non apologists thinks of this.
NBA's entertainment value vs. offering opportunities for shorter players.	while some, even the majority of, people will always prefer the nbas entertainment value, there is little to be lost by offering the vertically challenged a chance to strut their stuff.	school sports are not free.
Challenging the Link between Slavery and Black Household Poverty.	which would lead me to believe that the obvious argument of  slavery black households are forever impoverished  is a weak one.	the racial wealth disparity, primarily a result of economic oppression through at least the middle of the th century, has resulted in a tiny population among the super rich and as general economic mobility slows, the ability for blacks to be a significant portion of this elite class is declining.
Patrilineal naming tradition and biological relationship.	children that come out of your body are pretty unquestionably your children.	giving the children the father is name is a way to cement the bond between them  because  it is not as strong.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	i am not quite sure what you mean about the different types of offensive words ? i would argue it is hurtful to hear much in the same way a fart is harmful to smell.
The Radicalization of Feminism.	often the loudest voices recieve the most attention and usually those voices come from the mouths of radical people.	that said, the unfortunate truth is feminism either has a bad pr problem or it is becoming a radicalized shell of its former self.
The role and consequences of anger.	lastly nothing consequently good can come from anger.	so, back then anger was a useful tool but what about now a days ? we do not live that life style anymore, we made caves out of concrete and wood, and we generally try not to smell ourselves.
Gun Training and Safety.	training should focus on both the legal framework regarding gun usage and proper shooting technique and gun maintenance.	maintenance training wo not make gun owners less likely to shoot someone.
Challenges with Rational Thinking in Textual Analysis.	two people saying vastly different things both being considered right hurts my fundamental understand of the way that rational thinking works.	if i could not even attempt to understand a different person is view on the world then it might lead to me not accepting them for the person they are see: militant homophobes/racists.
Shifts in American social attitudes over the past century.	we are seeing more and more people getting offended in our crusade for social justice.	even in the past fifty years, we saw is paranoia and artificial nationalism give way to the now legendary counterculture of the late is, only to see the american people seize up again with conservative moralism.
Crime and Economic Collapse in Detroit.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	is crime the only thing that destroys cities ? are not there ways to combat crime ? detroit suffered from economic collapse, not some kind of criminal takeover.
Doubt about human and animal evolution based on biblical beliefs.	i do not believe; however, that humans are direct descendents of any species, and i do not believe that birds and dogs for example had any common ancestor.	evolution, as i understand it, does not hold that  homo erectus  converted to  homo sapiens  it holds that  homo sapiens  evolved out of  homo erectus.
Challenging students in public education system.	there is danger in leaving any students unchallenged.	challenging  is not the responsibility of public education system.
Living with depression.	and there is clearly no cure for their depression.	so saying  there is no hope  is really something a depressed person would say, but a level headed doctor would disagree with.
Escalator etiquette and passing direction.	i said the  passing side of the escalator  because i suppose in some countries people may pass on the right.	, we pass on the left.
Religion and its interpretation by local communities.	to which she replied that while the text never changes the rules do and that you just ignore the text.	every sort of ideology is dependent on both its written ideals and the behavior of its followers.
Republican rhetoric on shooting immigrants.	southern republicans often spout rhetoric about shooting immigrants on sight.	not to mention that countless democrats and republicans have supported this since its inception.
Arguing about religion and God.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	it is important because beliefs inform actions.
Gun control in the USA.	maybe there is a deterrence factor, but are not all these recent police shootings evidence that deterrence often fails with tragic results ?	this is why police officers are more trigger happy in the usa, because they are afraid of their own lives.
Computer Science Major and Money Making	however, i am not really into the whole programming aspect, which i now realize the computer science major mostly consists of.	he eats lunch in a cafeteria where a guy is playing a ballroom piano.
The subjectivity of opinions in news media.	opinions are seen as facts that are carelessly spewed from various news propaganda organizations.	your brain is functionally independent of other brains, and whatever opinion you hold in that brain cannot be extracted from it.
Investment in Boarding Schools in USA.	investing on such boarding schools is not a big deal for countries like usa.	it is one thing to support a family caring for their children, it is quite another to seize their children to raise yourself.
Ridesharing and its impact on immigrant taxi drivers.	finally, ridesharing is taking jobs away from hard working immigrants who come to north america specifically to drive cabs.	are they unable to drive for one of these companies ? arguably they would make very good drivers for these companies, as they know the areas from being a taxi driver.
Comparison of ethnic and religious violence in Europe and the rest of the world.	in fact, that is why i think most examples of ethnic and religious violence outside of europe did not really happen until europeans started meddling in foreign affairs.	i am sure their is some intolerance in europe, but compared to the rest of the world, they are very tolerant.
Personal boundaries and respect for privacy.	but even more importantly, i could not care less if she slept with every guy in seattle.	her boyfriend at that time cared.
The use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	about  years ago, nigger was one of the most common words i used.
Canceled plans and disappointment in friend's priorities.	well we made plans to hang out one night and she flaked on me.	or if you cared about her at all, then you could have just told her that you did not like it that she canceled her plans.
Theological beliefs regarding the nature of man and God.	but what changes by adding god to the picture ?	this is why murder is immoral, but killing an animal is not.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	we might not be in the same room, or even in the same state but it is anything but an isolated or insulated experience.
Demand and Job Creation.	however, demand is a blunt want, not a constructive force.	while it may be true that demand creates the need for jobs, the actual jobs do not come into place until some sort of business sets itself to meet the demand.
The Selectivity of Love	love is not something you can throw around nilly willy.	there are a  huge  amount of options in between the two choices that you are presenting.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	there is also the idea that a non centralized education system would be better than a government education system.
Harmful effects of introducing children to substances.	one reason is that you are introducing your child to a potentially harmful substance, linked to both liver and brain damage, at a time when their body and brain are still developing and are especially susceptible to damage.	we encounter lots of damaging substances quite often.
Perception of police by law-abiding citizens.	for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	, trying to tell people they ca not stand on a public sidewalk or claiming some other law is being violated when no such law exists.
Fairness in including same-sex marriage and other types of relationships.	on what principle would we act to include same sex marriage that would not be unfair towards other types of relationships like same sex throuples or polygamists, etc ?	redefining marriage again further weakens marriage and sends a dangerous message.
The War on Christmas and Exclusion.	the most offensive part of the  war on christmas  is one group trying to exclude all others.	even if one side severely outpowers the other, there is still opposition.
Pay discrepancy between hard and easy jobs.	people working  hard  jobs will always be paid more than those working  easier  jobs.	do you have any data that support this presumption ? how is  hard  and  easy  being defined ? it sounds like they are being defined by the pay they receive, which is a circular argument.
Definition of Altruism	the bigger the sacrifice, the more generous the person.	at essence, you are trying to define altruism: an effort, expense or sacrifice made that, otherwise, provides absolutely no benefit whatsoever to the giver.
Comparison between Hamlet and a teenager's Twitter page.	hamlet does not contain  half  the raw angst found on a teenager is twitter page.	most things people read on the internet are things that you are already comfortable with.
Pharmacies and Vaccinations.	the shot is a big way for the pharmacies to make their money from a virus that is not even relevant.	the flu vaccination success rate is not even that high.
Government spending on war versus domestic needs.	usa spends huge money on war and donates to countries.	if a student asks, the teachers must give basic supplies.
Comparison of Deism and Atheism.	but why is deism more reasonable than atheism, you may be asking.	atheism is the lack of belief based on the lack of a positive reason to justify that belief.
Israel's methods for rooting out weapons caches.	israel could root out weapons caches using methods that are far less likely to kill civilians even if those methods were less effective, since the actual risk to israeli lives would still be minuscule.	it is a horrific crime against israeli citizens.
Debate on American apathy towards soccer.	the constant stream of debate on the positives/negatives of association football as a sport have been the biggest driver behind american is apathy towards the sport.	people debating the sport is undoubtedly a lesser problem than having to win people away from watching nfl games.
Value of entertainment media.	while three or four dollars is not much money on its own, the entertainment value of the product, in my experience, not worth the amount i pay.	for you, there is no enjoyment or entertainment in the comic further than the time you spend reading it, and that is fine.
Reliability of Police Testimony.	i believe police testimony is no different and no more reliable than any other regular citizen is testimony.	you are not supposed to give police testimony more weight than anyone else.
Age requirements for military service and drinking.	i also believe that if you are old enough to serve your country and die in the military, you are sure as hell old enough to drink a beer.	kids at  years old are not thinking about or even aware of the kind of thing they could be getting into if sent to war.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	well, first we need to define a scope for  all knowing/powerful   does this just imply in the scope of our universe, or does this have to extend to whatever other multiverses may exist ? it is entirely possible for a being to be all knowing and all powerful within a certain universe that exists within the one they reside in; i am all knowing and all powerful in my d world where i have console commands on.
Ray Rice's suspension from the NFL.	so i heard an interesting opinion about the ray rice situation, so he assaulted his fiance, and when the video of that got leaked, public outrage caused him to be suspended from the nfl permanently.	the problem is, that it is rarely ever a  one time thine , and more often is the beginning of a long term pattern of abuse.
Advantages of Welfare Reform.	there is also the huge benefit of less resentment of those on welfare.	now the voucher goes to food, $ x goes to booze, $ x goes to something else.
Blackface and its controversy.	when people arent trying to take jobs that could have been filled in by black people and people arent trying to make a caricature out of black peolle then painting thaire face black shouldent be a problem.	there is more to  blackface  than just wearing makeup which is why most black people, myself included, did not find tropic thunder to be offensive at all.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	non feminists are men and women.
Categorization of beliefs and behavior.	however, by my understand of the definitions, a person must fall into one of the two categories either in their professed beliefs or by their behavior.	can we know if they do ? it would be more accurate to say that a person must fall into two of the four categories.
Becoming a Military Doctor and Paying for Medical School.	my plan was to graduate college and join the ushs the military medical school and become and army doctor. i am also poor and medical school in the military from what i understand pays for smart kids.	a civilian neurosurgeon can make over k easily.
Acting and Hollywood roles.	same is true with a lot of modern art.	i agree with  modern  art, but again, if an artist can draw something really well or use a traditional technique with painting, drawing, sculpting, or even new techniques like d modeling, to create something, and people are willing to pay for it.
Depression and its impact on others.	how rude for my depression to inconvenience the people around me.	at least there still is because you are still here.
Government regulation on family size.	i have never understood how the government can justify legislation on how many people you can legally have in your family.	i suppose you could designate one person as the primary decision maker, but now you have a unique legal relationship with that partner.
Acknowledging the Existence of Horrible Black People.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	its like, if you shipped a bunch of irishmen to japan, left them to do whatever then returned in  years, would you expect the irishmen to be at the top of the social ladder ? no.
Artistic value and deadlines in the job market.	in the marketplace, art is value tends not to be based on the amount of time taken to create it.	if you make music for any larger project, it has to be done by release date.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	i do not have enough money to buy a pizza, that does not mean that i should be able to walk out of the store with one.
Monogamy and Sexual Desires.	monogamy by definition restricts a person from fulfilling sexual desires outside their relationship.	unfortunately, jealousy is hard wired into our brains for procreation, we do not want our mate breeding with others, for the fear that we might raise another person is offspring and not pass on our own genes.
Transparency and legitimacy of large jackpots.	why do we not doubt the legitimacy of other large jackpots ?	then there would be no room to doubt the legitimacy of any jackpot, large or small.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	if she wants to share ti with her friends and family, are you going to deny her that ? i do not think you can decide for other people what they need to be happy in a relationship.
Job Creation and Nationalism	many Americans think that creating jobs for americans is morally superior to creating jobs for people of other countries.	you do not do it because you have ill will towards those outside your local economy, you do it because you have a choice: benefit yourself or others, those you know or have something in common with, or strangers who do not necessarily have a value to you.
Inherent cognitive biases and misinterpretation of data.	i cannot be sure that i am not inherently designed in a way that forces me to believe falsehoods and misinterpret experiential data.	what you perceive is completely  internally consistent  and is derived from r some external reality.
Moral and ethical beliefs conflicting with responsibility ascription.	however, i have never been fully able to reconcile my moral and ethical beliefs with the way in which responsibility is ascribed.	as you noted, you have to differentiate between types of responsibility.
Legalization of Racism and its Impact on Free Market	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	at the end of the day, it is about control, not of ideas, but of actions.
Native American history and conquest by Europeans.	conflict was aplenty before the usa was founded, and i do not feel the indians were innocent victims because of this.	why does that exclude them from  sympathy  ? surely it is awful to freeze to death on the trail of tears, even if it is fair.
Nazism and its impact on common people.	we don't have to have zero tolerance for nazis, there were a lot of moderate nazis.	there were a lot of moderate germans in general.
Encouraging self-improvement and authenticity in learning.	there are no difficult subjects to learn.	but of course, the purpose of school is self betterment in terms of knowledge.
Comparison of Creationism and Evolution.	meanwhile creationism in my experience has nothing in its favor.	creationist ken ham once said that evolution scientists and creation scientists both have the same evidence, but they interpret it differently.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	you must understand the material, and if you miss days that means catching up.
Gender equality and shared responsibility in society.	i just think that the system should be fair to both sexes.	lots of people do.
Ray Rice's suspension from the NFL.	so i heard an interesting opinion about the ray rice situation, so he assaulted his fiance, and when the video of that got leaked, public outrage caused him to be suspended from the nfl permanently.	you do not view your significant other as someone whom you should fear if you did, you would not be with them in the first place.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	the law regarding equal protection under the law does not necessarily apply to businesses.
Speed running and the importance of bosses.	the idea of speed running is about being able to beat the game the fastest and bosses are an important part of the game.	that takes more skill than figuring out how to beat a boss.
Criticism of TSA and Security Theater in Air Travel	i think the only reason security theater exists is because airlines have lobbied the us government to ensure that fliers feel safe on their airplanes.	i generally agree that the tsa is useless theater, but it is not because of revenue for airlines.
International policing and American perspective.	why not let the rest of the world police itself for a change ?	it is strange as an american to wonder why other countries ca not do this, but it is relatively simple.
Non-consensual sharing of intimate photos.	i think about all the porn out there, i know some photos of random girls have to have been from a boyfriend or ex that were uploaded without the girl is permission.	relevant portion:   followers of the rp websites then may harass the victim, often forwarding the embarrassing photo to her family members, friends and business contacts.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	american bible belters fighting against evolution and science they use politics for that too.
Advocating for higher speed limits on roads.	the roads can be safely navigated at higher speeds.	there would be no  traffic  at all because we are all moving the same speed and therefore there is nothing stopping the flow of traffic barring the occasional incident.
Feminism's Impact on Women's Happiness.	the view i would like to be challenged is this: the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	the amount of potential confounding variables that might have a more direct causative relationship are almost countless.
Quality of life versus quantity of life.	but i would personally choose a happier, shorter life over a less happy, longer life.	sure, but what if you stay alive, but the people who you love die ? in hunter/gatherer societies the death rate is highest among the young.
Equality and Fair Treatment of Marginalized Groups.	criticize the action rather than the person.	we can give a trp redditor all the data in the world that women are smart, face prejudice everyday, and deserve more recognitions, but the problem is that the redpillers do not view women as worth the the effort.
Religion's dual nature as conservative and revolutionary.	religion, in nature, is conservative and/or reactionary.	but those are arguably not the central tenets or ideas of religion.
Curriculum design and common practices.	we should teach what is the most common.	the curriculum should be wide enough to embrace common practices as well as the likely deviations from that norm.
Misconception about increasing unemployment problem in the world.	since the number of problem in the world seems to be increasing.	again, look at unemployment problem in the world, it seems to keep increasing this is false.
STI testing and Planned Parenthood's goals.	for society as a whole, people would be benefited by frequent and free sti tests.	secondly, it is a sad fact that women have far worse side effects from stis than men.
Objectification of Women.	the objectification of women is a very serious moral issue that does nothing but hold women at a different standard than men.	so, in your mind, is an unintelligent child who works incredibly hard to achieve a b in maths at gcse more  isignificant  than a kid with natural talent for maths who does not have to work hard at all to obtain an a  at gcse ? are you saying that we should not be proud of that which we did not consciously struggle to earn ? if we hypothetically say that shakespeare or einstein or darwin were geniuses because of a vast amount of natural talent that they were born with, and never really had to try very hard to achieve great things, should we stop celebrating them and what they have achieved ?.
Starting something based on calendar system vs. seasons.	there is no rhyme or reason to wait until the arbitrary beginning of a calendar system to start something.	it is cyclical and moves in discreet step fashion because endeavours must have a start and a finish, and that which struggles to flourish has to get up and try again when it fails.
Views on Joining the US Armed Forces During Iraq War	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	in a time of peace, no random private or leiutenant just goes off and starts a war.
The importance of a marketplace of ideas for abortion rights.	what can i possibly say of any value about abortion rights ?	you should be willing to question it when exposed to new experience be it personal or shared by others , but you are not barred from having an opinion because you are not omniscient.
Middle East and colonization.	i think we need to basically recolonize the middle east.	we saw in iraq that our involvement can often strengthen extremism more than deter it.
Misinformation about suicide.	these kinds of posts are easy to fake for attention.	if you are posting on reddit, you should be well aware of that.
Monogamy and ethical considerations in relationships.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	there are well understood ways of cheating and you seem to know them already like kissing on the mouth, sex, erotic touching, etc.
Evaluation of Economic Policies	his recovery act almost single handedly saved the economy from a depression saving main street, and completing the unpopular tarp bill saved wall street.	also a few things are plainly exaggerated.
Consent and Birth Conditions.	apparently, i consented to these conditions by being born.	adults pay taxes, and adults decide where their taxes go based on the politicians they elect to office.
Poor quality of debate among friends can harm relationships.	the quality of the debate you have with your friends at a dinner table is likely to be much, much poorer than a debate by experts.	so the debate will only breed animosity and poison the relationship.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	this does not really make sense.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	if you are capable of understanding the concept of self awareness, you must as a prerequisite have it, since it is defined as being able to reflect on your thoughts, and if you cannot you cannot reflect on your thoughts as a means to understand its meaning.
Avoiding political labels and the left/right spectrum.	instead of saying  yeah i lean left  or  yeah i am right wing  see yourself outside the spectrum and refer to yourself what you are actually are to avoid confusion.	this is why you can be a democrat who votes entirely conservative and be left and a republican who votes entirely liberal and be on the right.
Advantages of sliced sandwiches.	first, a sliced sandwich is always superior to one that has not been sliced.	also, the distance of the cut is shorter with rectangular sliced sandwiches, thus less crumbs by this method.
Personal growth and sexual experiences.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	trp/pua are essentially self help seminars with a strong emphasis/narrow focus, on getting laid.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	with no ultimate universal ethical authority, i believe that a person is only obliged to do whatever pleases him/her not necessarily short tem .	in that case, not doing what those propositions say is good means doing something immoral you do not need a religious or political authority for that.
The Purpose and Design of Tests.	i think the purpose of a test is to approximate your ability to understand the material that test is over.	however, it is not sensible to have a final exam testing everything, because it is important that there are incentives to learn subject matter throughout a course.
Importance of Industry Experience in Politics.	we will finally be able to have smart politicians instead of popular politicians in office.	most politicians are popular because the wealthy give them exposure and a soapbox.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	a wedding is not used to validate a marriage for most couples , it is used to celebrate it ! and no, no matter how much i am in love, i will definitely get more joy out of a big wedding than a small one.
Debate on the Purpose of Organic Farming.	organic farming is supposed to be about creating an alternative to the unsustainable industrial agricultural system.	the use of gmo rapidly increased resistance to the pesticide because farmers planted corn continuously rather than rotating with soybean.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	that being said, developers primarily had to develop for nintendo consoles to see their game get off the ground.
Importance of friendship in romantic relationships.	i also believe couples should also be friends.	but it is comparatively tough to meet people with no shared interests, since you do not hang out in the same places.
Challenges of Law Enforcement and Professional Standards.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	what we are seeing as more and more of these cell phone videos released, is that there are serious problems with accountability, training, and use of force by our police nationwide.
Concerns about mixed-gender bathrooms.	there are already unisex and family bathrooms some places that are used with no complaint.	probably a lot of men do too.
The ethics of suicide and society's role in prevention.	my view is that suicide is your last right which cannot be taken away without complete captivity and dehumanizing restraints.	because we have come to understand that suicidal ideation is a temporary affliction and causes people to behave and do irrational things that they will later overwhelmingly regret the majority of the time.
The Flaws of Political Parties and Voting.	additionally, i often see that we are left with the choice of  dumb vs dumber  in elections.	but we do not.
Justification for Higher Insurance Premiums Based on Profit Margin	how is insurance companies  need to make a profit a defensible claim for higher premium ?	are you suggesting they ought to  lose  money ?.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	these elements do not exist in the realm of the comic, making the tv specials arguably more important to american pop culture than the comic itself.
Gun control in the USA.	maybe there is a deterrence factor, but are not all these recent police shootings evidence that deterrence often fails with tragic results ?	imagine being in a shootout and having to rely on backup because you do not have the firepower to take someone out.
Taboos on certain tattoo types.	tattoos are not just for gang members and social outcasts.	because the money is good, you want to work in a warehouse or a coffee shop all your life go ahead, if you want to do business then do not.
The Flaws of Political Parties and Voting.	additionally, i often see that we are left with the choice of  dumb vs dumber  in elections.	if voters were willing to compromise less we would have more parties, the parties would more closely align with the wishes of their constituents, but each party would be weaker.
Middle East and colonization.	i think we need to basically recolonize the middle east.	it is absolutely not a healthy view, nor one that really solves anything.
Distrust in politicians and the desire for honesty in voting.	i only want to vote for someone who i could reasonably expect to be honest and trustworthy.	politicians can say whatever they want, and either be lying the whole time or get bought out later.
Obesity and Legislative Impact on Healthy Alternatives.	point being, obesity only runs rampant in the united states because legislature is not there to deflate the cost of healthy alternatives.	how much of the diet is stored as fat is influenced by genetics eg.
Achievement and Taking Action	what would  wouldoing my best  achieve that i do not already have ?	you probably live in a developed nation where you do not have to fear about getting shot if you go outside, or starving to death.
Debate on the benefits and risks of weight lifting.	i do not see a benefit in being able to lift more weight than my hands will support.	do you see the benefit in a delivery man wearing a back brace ? as a long term preventative measure ? why should weight lifting be more dangerous in the long term than professional occupations preforming similar functions ? do you wear shoes when you run ? will you not concede that gloves   shoes fullfill similar functions ? are you somehow less accomplished because you wore shoes for that winning race ? of course not.
Religion as a Scapegoat for Logic and Knowledge.	people try to use their  religion  as a scapegoat for logic, reason, and the pursuit of knowledge; i. e.	you will remember that religious organizations account for some of the largest and most beneficial charities the world over, and while you can argue that people participating in those are only doing so to have a favor with the almighty, you ca not argue that the results are a bad thing.
Automation and the Role of the State in Robot Ownership	eventually, all the jobs will theoretically be gone, then all of the robots need to be owned by the state, otherwise the majority of the populace become nothing more than the property of those that own the robots.	who designs the robots ? who builds and programs and repairs and upgrades them.
Misogyny in the gaming community.	with all the quinnspiracy and gamergate bullshit going on, i have come to the conclusion that gaming community of reddit is full of misogynistic neckbeards who are unable to take any critique.	i am a subscriber there, and i have female friends who i get along with, i love my wife, mother, daughter, grandmothers, and i shaved this morning.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	let is talk about it.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	of course i might miss out on a few immensely talented individuals, but when one considers the costs inherent in widening that pool versus the costs of extensively training the talented individuals that can already be found easily it seems wasteful to pursue an egalitarian policy.
Commercialization of music and its impact on authenticity.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	if selling out is betraying  your  /u/imjustkidding is principles, then anyone you say is a sellout is a sellout, and your view cannot be changed.
The importance of informed decision-making and avoiding indecision.	as one can make the most informed decision with all information and research that is available, why be rash.	waiting a whole semester to try again for xxa is not the smart decision here.
Benefits of Taking a Cruise	cruises are also full of activities to keep yourself and your kids occupied during the trip.	overall, i can see myself taking a cruise where that means me renting a sailboat and sailing up and down the coast, but a trip where it means stuck in big ship with a large crowd of people sound terrible to me.
Justification for Higher Insurance Premiums Based on Profit Margin	how is insurance companies  need to make a profit a defensible claim for higher premium ?	notice how after an accident or speeding ticket, your rate will adjust  almost immediately  ? there is a base rate for the general group you fit into, and then they adjust it based on driving history.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	perhaps there are about three dozen american or australian farmers who could demonstrate it, but what should we, europeans do, who have fought and killed each other for every square meter of land for a long, long time ? the result is, as far as the farms at the somme and verdun are concerned take it as a poetic metaphor , that private property is not an ethical, but a purely pragmatic concept.
Inefficiency of Government Spending and Vouchers.	from the government is perspective, money is also being spent inefficiently.	if you want someone to get a leg up why screw around with a system of vouchers and stamps when you can just give them a lump sum ? no its not a good thing, sure maybe the hipster foodie stamp kids need to be patronized but what about the vast majority of people on social assistance that have good reason to be there ? you think patronizing a blind person with mental health problems on assistance is really going to motivate them to get out there and get a job ? i feel like with cash there is also an expectation of responsibility.
Rights and Freedom.	a bunch of people got together and decided that guaranteeing certain rights would be best for the people.	any new law is either removing or adding restrictions on freedom.
Debate on Monogamy vs. Open Relationships.	more over, the reasons for being monogamous are exclusively character flaws related to the items mentioned above, or outright ignorance about non monogamy, about stis, etc .	for me at least, monogamy means the best possible sexual encounter, x better than any individual i could date when not committed to anyone.
Revolt of sports team for social justice.	the idea that a team s would stage some sort of revolt is hopelessly naive.	if enough shit goes down in fifa that truly angers people, corporate sponsorship will dry up an fifa will react.
Banking practices and their impact on society.	how banks often seek to profit from things that do not really add value to society futures, derivatives, etc.	those things definitely add value to society.
Polyamory and selective love.	love is not something you can throw around nilly willy.	if i love two people, i see no reason to throw one of them away.
Comparison of wartime atrocities and Nazi genocide.	the atrocities that the german army commited are similar to those commited by other armies in other wars.	a highly organized, meticulous machine built to exterminate as many people as  efficiently and quickly  as possible.
Justification for a preemptive strike.	the attacker could just be waiting to recoup and attack again, especially as vengeance for being bested.	play with fire and you get burnt.
Password security and malware infection.	ideally, passwords should not be reused, and a formula should be used to generate unique passwords for each account you have.	you are better off trusting security professionals than yourself in any case.
The War on Christmas and Exclusion.	the most offensive part of the  war on christmas  is one group trying to exclude all others.	but if one is  private life  somehow dictates  happy holidays  is offensive then we have the same paradox.
Inclusion of "i" in LGBTQ+ acronym.	first, some people fear that adding the  i  would give the wrong impression that all or most intersex people are lesbian, gay, bisexual, and/ or transgender.	to me, the word  queer  has two slightly different meanings.
White Privilege and Racism	statements like  white people ca not experience racism  are obviously bunk; tell that to the polish guy who got glassed and facially disfigured by a drunk woman in my town on the basis of his identity.	first off, this is of course untrue.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	even today when i play, i do it with friends of mine.
Criticism of Far-Right Ideology.	i have come to believe that the far right embodies everything that is disgusting in human beings.	but i think the world should make a concerted effort to completely stamp out this sort of thinking.
Debate on the necessity of playoffs in determining a winner.	the team that has the most points at the end of such a season is a clear winner, and playoffs are not really needed.	you need to play a  game series to open up your  man roster to the playoff system in order to adequately decide who has the best overall team.
Criticism of profit-making organizations and military industrial complex.	somehow our noble society would not harm a fly if not for these evil profit making organizations and military industrial complex.	but no one can deny that they profit from war.
Road safety laws and permit restrictions for cars and bikers.	with these laws i think the roads would become a much safer place for cars and bikers, and many laws will be cleared up for bikers who do not understand the law.	i would rather the people who have to who are operating machines that are a potential danger to  people be licensed and than go thru the hassle of getting a license for a machine i operate once a week for fun where the only person i am endangering with my lackluster operation is myself and the pedestrian crossing the street.
Real Names and Consequences for Online Behavior	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	as a transgender woman, i sure as hell do not need people to be able to search and find that out about me until i am ready to publicly come out, and i do not think i should be denied resources for connecting with similar people because i want to have personal privacy.
Police brutality and use of deadly force.	seriously, if the cop was a sick fuck and gets a boner shooting up black people, he could have done so in a secluded area at night when no one was around.	we do not just kill people because they resist.
Attire at Music Festivals.	should girls be expected to wear bikini tops and bra is in public ?	women and girls should be allowed to make their own clothing choices without people whining about it being too revealing.
The effectiveness of education research and scientific method in education.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	depending on what one wants to study will influence the tools one has available to conduct such research.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	there is a lot of information in the context that you are missing.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	a man basically rampaged through a town for five hours and the local police could not do anything because they were unarmed and the nearest armed response squad was forty miles away.
Police brutality and technology's impact on awareness.	almost daily we hear of police shooting and killing unarmed and unthreatening citizens along with animals.	when looking at sites to support your view are you looking at non bias sites ? if you google police brutality you will find many sites that talk very similar to you, but they use examples.
Computer Science Major and Money Making	however, i am not really into the whole programming aspect, which i now realize the computer science major mostly consists of.	he literally has companies contacting him everyday wanting to hire him.
Wasteful consumerism and benefits of investing in quality equipment.	imo these people are wasting their money, and exemplary of wasteful consumerism.	you also get support from a fairly high end company.
Suppressors and firearm noise reduction.	suppressors: contrary to what video games tell you, suppressors do not make a firearm completely silent.	so what you are saying is that bans in firearms save lives ? bans work.
Debate on Monogamy vs. Open Relationships.	more over, the reasons for being monogamous are exclusively character flaws related to the items mentioned above, or outright ignorance about non monogamy, about stis, etc .	however, i chose monogamy not out of fear but out of love.
Wealth and opportunities in relation to work and socialism.	an able bodied person who works is going to have more wealth and likely lead a better life than an able bodied person who does not.	the question is, does it pay off to let them freeload  to a point  or better to let them whither and die ? some people will never make a lot of money, specially in a consumer society, so they either have to give up their passions for example arts and do  productive  jobs accounting, sales or live poor lives.
Challenges of being a feminist ally.	if i identify as a feminist ally and mainstream feminism decides to go off the deep end, my ally status nevertheless shackles me to a movement over which i have no influence.	for instance, if i refer to myself as a  feminism ally  rather than a  feminist,  you might infer that i am a man and that my reasons for such support are likely not simply reflexive.
Parasites and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	in our case, this entails blocking policies that benefit the nation, like affordable healthcare and sensible public investment in jobs and infrastructure.
The pursuit of happiness.	if i surpass any previous accomplishment by any other human, or spend all my days watching spanish soap operas and eating chips i do not speak spanish , the end result is the same: oblivion.	if having enough money to watch tv all day is all you need to be happy, that is also fine.
***Employer's view on a certain topic.	i am still confused as to why an employer would care ?	they are becoming more and more mainstream.
Inheritance Taxes and Wealth Redistribution	there would still be an incentive to gather wealth but the concept of being rich because your family used to be rich disappears.	many of the ultra rich people leave their money to charities.
Animal overpopulation and euthanasia.	poverty, hunger, and starvation are not problems reserved strictly for third world countries.	additionally, the beef and other meat that we farm is purposely fattened.
The concept of amorality in society.	i think that what we call  amoral  is a huge misnomer;  amoral  is just a social contract we agree upon for the sake of ourselves and our society, rather than intrinsic right and wrong.	it can mean they are not  absolute  but not that they are not real.
The role of the government in business and society.	society needs rich people to look up to.	huge corporations tend to have such a shocking advantage that people feel they should contribute more to the playing field that sustains them.
Far-right extremism and its definition.	i believe fascist neo nazi groups, the kkk, the golden dawn or any religious extremist group like radical islamism all fall under the far right.	for example, the church of satan is a relatively inocuous group of essentially atheists, and we recognize that now.
The importance of emotional connection in sexual relationships.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	prostitution is called the oldest profession in the world for a reason.
The creation of music by talented individuals.	anyone with even a modicum of talent on guitar or drums can play green day songs.	he had access to all the same letters that we all learn in kindergarden.
Dangers of smoking marijuana.	not only that but studies have shown that marijuana is just as likely, if not more likely to cause cancer then smoking cigarettes is.	what about alcoholics ? gambling ? those have much more dangerous affects on the users and other lives than marijuana.
Capital punishment and ethical concerns.	imagine if someone came into your life, took away someone you held near and dear, causing suffering to you and everyone who knew them.	if this happened to you, and the state has arrested this person, tried him and found him guilty, and is going to administer a death sentence, the criminal is going to be just as permanently removed from society whether by injection or a painful method.
Far-right extremism and its definition.	i believe fascist neo nazi groups, the kkk, the golden dawn or any religious extremist group like radical islamism all fall under the far right.	christianity ? a religion about a man rising from the dead ? sounds like necromancy and death worship to me, ban it ! .
The meaning of life.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	do your actions need permanence to have meaning ?.
Importance of friendship in romantic relationships.	i also believe couples should also be friends.	that does not mean it is impossible, just uncommon.
Government spending on war versus domestic needs.	usa spends huge money on war and donates to countries.	you are basically establishing foster care but in school form.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	but the reality is that people can be stupid and nonsensical about any number of things.
The authenticity of social media posts regarding mental health.	these kinds of posts are easy to fake for attention.	not everyone can afford a therapist , or at least in my concern people could be scared bout being sectioned/committed by a therapist which is something i do not think anyone would want  they can be avenue to take personal contact information.
Israel's methods for rooting out weapons caches.	israel could root out weapons caches using methods that are far less likely to kill civilians even if those methods were less effective, since the actual risk to israeli lives would still be minuscule.	that is more because of the strong defences of israel, not because of any lack of intention to kill from palestine.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	or that one single man is the right person to run a country ? beliefs like that are every bit as pervasive as organized religion and they have been even more costly.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	explain how this is different from believing in a god that we do not have evidence of.
Evolutionary Psychology of Physical Attraction.	beauty signals health, fertility, good genes, intellect, good decision making, and the subjective part of looks probably has something to do with traits that blend well with my own genes.	however, if you are looking to invest in a few offspring and maximize the health and chances of success of these few offspring, then physical appearance is not the most important factor.
Accuracy of Mundane News Stories.	but these stories take up an inappropriate amount of space in the public impression of the media, and are hugely outnumbered by the mundane stories the press gets more or less right.	your examples of  stories the news gets right  are verbatim reports of political speeches , financial results, and product announcements.
The Complexity of Racism.	racism stems from negative stereotypes that are trumped up and oppress a people in a certain group.	that becomes important when you move things into the modern context.
The framing of the issue of global warming.	so, i think the statements like  global warming is real and we are causing it.	nevermind advocates.
Sexism in video games.	if its actually a problem i want to see the statiscs, the science, etc that allows me to concede that video games need to change.	if we get rid of sexism, then we will see more good representations of women.
Importance of taking a day off on birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	you taking  your  birthday off on that exact day may not be important to you.
The effectiveness of fire drills.	after all, experience under non life threatening drill situations hardly emulate life or death situations.	the same does not go for kids.
Social contract and punishment for breaking it.	i believe that everyone of us that lives in a society has tacitly agreed to a social contract and to abide by the society is laws.	then there is the excessive cost of appeals and death row housing.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	this kind of situation is about control.
Commercialization of music and its impact on authenticity.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	i do not know what your definition of sellout is.
Challenges of mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.	why are we trying to push btc mainstream ?	it is hard to know how long that will last or if it will fail completely.
Advocating for Marriage Equality at Weddings	i would not petition people to join my favorite political or social cause at my wedding.	i doubt that i would try to garner support for pro choice legislation at, say, a baptism, because it would not make sense in the context of the ritual.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	that is one of the reasons why i have already started teaching my kids the basic principle behind consent it is your body, and you get to say no.
Voluntaryism and Tax Exempt Status of Religious Organizations.	the only exception i have thought of is the tax exempt status of religious organizations.	basically if you are not infringing on another person is rights by assaulting or threatening or hurting them or their property, then you should be allowed to do what you want.
Foreign policy and government services in the US.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	how does it waste our time, firstly ? we are far to large and important to just sit back like the nordic countries you listed.
Patrilineal naming tradition and biological relationship.	children that come out of your body are pretty unquestionably your children.	mothers are  certain of who their genetic children are.
Debate on the feasibility of ancap utopia.	the only difference between the ancap utopia and our own world is that, in the ancap society, everyone nearly homogeneously believes in ancap principles, asides from a few troublemakers.	marijuana.
Challenges faced by third party candidates in elections.	as every vote for a third party makes the party the voter dislikes the most more likely to win due to the spoiler effect.	asking for a more level playing field sounds like whining, and making it a top priority sends the message  i do not think i can win without changing the rules of the game.
Nationalism and religion during WWII.	one cant think about wwii the strong nationalism back then can easily be considered as a sort of religion in my opinion without the genocide of the jews, homosexuals and mentally handicapped or anyone who disagreed with them.	if you include every ideology with bad consequences under religion, then of course it is going to make religion look bad.
Misuse of sarcasm as a response to criticism.	i realize that the  so edgy  response if often made half jokingly, which is completely fine.	my only problem is that i get the feeling that people view it as a legitimate response to serious criticisms.
Marx's views on centralized state planning and socialism.	marx thought centralized state planning was the correct way of running an economy incorrect, marx is somewhat vague over what socialism is to consist of, but he supported worker self management in the first international, though he did support planning of some kind .	don lavoie in rivalry and central planning URL argues that a consciously planned society is the core of marx is system.
Escalator etiquette and passing direction.	i said the  passing side of the escalator  because i suppose in some countries people may pass on the right.	but in the u.
The Purpose of Human Existence	we are machines made for fucking to make more machines.	we are much more than that, we are the part of the universe that is exploring itself, and there is much to see.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	the thing is that the patient still must see a mental health professional to get a proper diagnosis.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	you ca not prove more people  care.
Marriage and Children's Success: Correlation or Causation?	children do best when their parents are married.	is this correlation or causation ? do the children of married couples lead more successful lives because their parents are married, or is it because their parents are the kind of parents who both are a good match for each other, and are pre disposed to staying married.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	the right not to be assaulted is fundamentally about your sovereignty over your own body, as is the right not to arbitrarily be detained.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	an atheist believes there is not a god.
Political activism through contacting representatives.	everyone on reddit here says,  email your senator and fill out complaints !	writing one single letter/email to a representative might not have a huge effect, but writing a letter/email as part of a larger group of letters/emails certainly can.
Controversy over justifying genocide and celebrating Columbus Day.	we are taught in our schools that genocide is justifiable and acceptable if we get something in return or are not disadvantaged by trying to solve for it.	first as other is have pointed out the celebration of columbus day is about the discovery of america yes other people found america first, but i challenge you to suggest that their discoveries shaped the world in the way that columbus did.
Manipulation of power during times of war.	say that your country is in the middle of a war or something.	does not really matter, since by doing so they just happen to gain the power they want, and now they control your life so you ca not do anything about it.
Misunderstanding about mental health conditions.	when anything about suicide or disappearing from the world comes up, everyone looses their mind.	if there is a treatable mental state that impairs their decision making, should we not want to protect them ?.
Patents and Copyright as Property.	however, patents and copyright are not  property  in the sense that cars are.	if you believe that the creator of a work deserves credit and compensation for their intellectual works then you are acknowledging that they hold some sort of legal asset that grants them those rights.
Limitations of Short-term Charitable Solutions in Africa	many charities focus on providing short term solutions to african problems: eradicating disease, education to citizens on issues of sexuality, etc.	the railroads of kenya, for instance, reflect a manufacturing base.
Investment in Boarding Schools in USA.	investing on such boarding schools is not a big deal for countries like usa.	for one thing, the cost of running a military has almost no bearing on the cost of education.
Criticism of Macroevolution.	my entire analysis of evolution has been based on the idea that macroevolution is false.	you have to ask:  is macroevolution true or false ? and then look around to see what you can find.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	fewer people will buy ipads, thus showing that creativity it itself does not spawn development.
Security of credit card accounts.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	how do you go about changing the address ? what piece of information do you think they will use to verify the right person is making the change ?.
Abortion and Carelessness.	but lets be honest, there are not even close to a majority of rape and birth defect screeners getting abortions.	other than not having sex, or not having the necessary equipment, you can still become pregnant.
Animal farming and its impact beyond human consumption.	if you decide to not eat animals so that hopefully less farm animals are subject to such horrible conditions, you are ignoring the bigger picture.	if you take this stance, then it is of course advisable to only have pets that can thrive on vegetarian diets.
Anti-abortion argument and its weakness.	the chief anti abortion argument is that fetuses are alive.	that is probably the shittiest argument  ever.
Men's redundancy in reproduction.	furthermore, reproductively, almost every man on earth has become redundant.	we are a mostly monogamous species.
Limitations of Concluding Life on Unsampled Galaxies.	or if we had an example from the nearest star with planets, we could conclude that probably every star with planets evolves life.	it is however not a statistical argument its self, because of sample size issues regarding abiogenesis events.
Limitations of philosophy and mathematics in understanding truth.	philosophy has no defense against counter intuitive truths such as  objects have a probabilistic rather than a defined set of characteristics .	by the same token, does mathematics not produce any new knowledge ? hence, any study of truth within philosophy will be limited by our own imaginations or intuitions.
Challenges of relying on network availability and speed.	and often harder to use on for the user.	you assume the network is there, fast, and highly available.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	but the limited time you have to love your family and friends is more than enough.
Weddings and gender roles.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	sometimes, the wedding industry makes it seem that weddings are only about the bride, but that is not the case for many couples, for them it is about both of them.
The impact of creating separate museums on American unity.	creating a separate museum just intensifies feelings of separateness.	my personal take as a professional historian is that the more history museums, the better.
Driving at Slow Speeds	driving at such slow speeds is impractical.	same goes for faster speed limits if everyone is driving at the same speed.
Relationship between personal finance and market trends.	economics what you do with your money affects the markets.	for one, it completely contradicts the idea that, in reality, most children actually support liberalism.
Marriage as a Necessity.	i do not think marriage is needed to have sex, prove your love or even have kids.	what really is the point of getting married if you are not doing it for religious reasons ? being married provides a tax advantage.
Fear of the Unknown in Natural Selection.	since natural selection shows us that the strong survive, at some point the human, or protohuman, brain tells humans that anything different is dangerous.	many horses start out as fearful of anything new neophobic.
Religion's dual nature as conservative and revolutionary.	religion, in nature, is conservative and/or reactionary.	they progressed the human condition just fine while believing in the tenets of their faith.
Coursework procrastination and monitoring.	some students see the deadline of the coursework and decide to start doing the coursework on that day.	they are whining because they messed up and they are looking for someone else to blame.
Consent and Birth Conditions.	apparently, i consented to these conditions by being born.	yeah, that is how any laws in society work.
Native American history and conquest by Europeans.	conflict was aplenty before the usa was founded, and i do not feel the indians were innocent victims because of this.	but there were indeed innocent victims, like the women and children who were given smallpox infected blankets in the middle of winter.
Argument for Polygamy	polygamy: i am honestly not wholly sure what the argument against polygamy is, besides something about complications in the way tax systems are set up, which could be easily fixed i would imagine.	marriage confers a number of benefits.
Society's stance on punishment for criminals.	the most we can do is agree as a society that we do not want certain kinds of people in our society.	they do not get the freedom to say what they want, they do not have the freedom to buy gun, and some do not have the right to live.
Power dynamics in economic transactions.	the buyer consumer has all the power, because he is the one who comes into the transaction with money.	i think this is a very one sided view of an economic transaction.
Debating the uniqueness of Jesus as a historical figure.	i think of jesus as being another charismatic figure whose death or martyrdom was made into a legend by his followers in order to legitimize christendom.	of course, if the jesus story is simply a legend, then there is nothing unique about jesus.
Accusations of Racism and Failure to Accept Self-Identity	i am accused of just being secretly racist, which i do not know how to disprove.	you do not have to buy into the conceptions.
Discussion about mainstream music artists and Nicki Minaj's talent.	say all you want about iggy being talentless and mediocre which can be said about most mainstream popular music artists and performers, what can i say ?	it is obvious who is real and who is not in this situation.
The misuse of the word "literally".	the wrong or new definition of literally i am referring to is the opposite;  metaphorically, or figuratively.	the use of the word itself is figurative, not the meaning of the word.
Bicycling restrictions and safety concerns.	then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	thats not they way the by laws are, they can bike on particular areas.
Complexity of the American Legal System	i am not a fan of extreme simplification, but i think the american legal system has gotten out of hand in complexity.	it surely can venture into needless complexity, but it would be impossible to distill the entire body of statutory documentation produced by one is county, state, and the federal government into a book the size of the bible, even if you ruthlessly excised every law deemed to be outdated, redundant, or only applying to very specialized circumstances.
Beliefs about sex with transgender individuals.	there exists a very real, and i would argue dominating, belief amongst the populace that having sex with a transgender man or woman is not the same as having sex with a  born  man or woman.	she would be that great one night stand in his mind.
Gender in Recruitment: Bias and Data	It is reasonable for companies to consider gender when recruiting employees, because there is many quantifiable differences between males and females.	on average, maybe any given gender or race or sexuality tends to not lend themselves to a current kind of work, but hey maybe you look at this application and they are the foremost expert in the field with years of experience.
Anarchism and societal organization.	the second issue is what has you convinced that humans are organized enough to have a society like this.	with multiple privatized police forces and courts, it just seems like human nature would eventually get the better of us and a few police forces would look to advance their own agendas and force other is to succumb to their will.
Men and prostitution.	men patronize prostitutes in significant numbers and men are willing to trade things of real value like money in order to get sex.	because they usually do not have to if all they want is sex.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	that includes past and current assets.
Parity in American sports leagues.	true parity, if achieved, would mean that every team is a middle of the pack team.	they just do not want any teams to be regularly stuck at the bottom, which would result in depressed attendance and far less overall revenue.
Gender equality and shared responsibility in society.	i just think that the system should be fair to both sexes.	it bares saying that the reason you should not fuck drunk people who you do not know particularly well is not  so you do not get accused of rape  it is  because that is a kind and respectful way to treat someone you would like to fuck.
Pronunciation and Nationalism.	i am aware i am in a particular country that speaks english a certain way, but to completely discount alternate and, in many cases, the original pronunciation as  wrong  seems nationalistic at best and conceited at worst.	american and british english have both been evolving, in parallel, from the same origin.
Consequences of universal maxims.	by considering whether something ought to be a universal maxim, we are already considering the consequences of that thing being a universal law.	but that is not considering the consequences of the  action.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	so, that paragraph is not unintelligible, but it is a little wonky because i have used  you  to describe both the police  and  someone being arrested.
Sexual orientation and dating preferences.	if you happen to go more for women than men, that would still render you bi.	but i know a fair number of other trans people who sit more in the middle or as a mix of the two.
Government assistance programs and homelessness.	the programs covered would be where an individual applies for benefits including food stamps, housing, medicaid, social security and so on.	they ca not receive any form of assistance.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	any idiot can do that.
Influence of environment on sexual orientation.	if homosexuality or pedofilia is entirely based on biology, should not the rate of homosexuality be consistent with very little variation across all societies ?	i believe that someone is environment can trick a young person, but eventually they will realize what they are actually sexually attracted to, which is very very different.
Gender equality and violence.	when the person happens to be a man, he  apparently deserves to be beaten . but if the person is a woman  no one should lay a hand on her  ?	that is a double standard we need to get rid off !  but how about no one should beat everyone ?   if that is your argument, then i suggest, you should try to get rid of the privilege that women can get away with beatin men, thank you.
Controversy surrounding the American flag and its history.	but i kind of consider the confederate flag to be like the nazi flag.	the point is you probably do not think of those things when they look at the american flag, but a lot of people do, and are understandably offended by it.
Bias in hiring based on physical appearance.	subconsciously, people tend to assume attractive people are more trust worthy than unattractive people.	some of the most attractive people i have ever met have also been the most insecure, and some of the cock iest guys i have known were overweight and balding.
Regretting tattoos obtained at a retreat.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	past thoughts and feelings comprise who you are in your present, even if you know longer hold the same views.
Body image and beauty standards.	what i do not support is companies saying that real beauty is being round and curvy when in actuality, that may not be very healthy and should not be settled for.	it seems you are assuming health always equals thin, everyone wants thin, you can tell health at a glance, etc.
License requirements in residential zones.	licenses should not have to be required for residential zones.	fair enough   children under  cannot be licensed but children under  can ride a bicycle with relative ease.
Comparison between vans and pickup trucks for moving.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	just because they are not carrying a  massive load  right now, does not mean they are not being used elsewhere to carry things.
Perception and Limitations.	the truth is, our perception of our environment is very limited.	cogito ergo sum is not a conclusion, it is the starting point.
Definition of Universal Rights.	to clarify, i am defining a  right  as a guarantee of access to a commodity or state of being, without necessarily referring to a legal structure.	but just because a society would function better by respecting certain rights, does not mean these rights are necessarily  amoral.
Limitations of a all-powerful being with different laws of physics.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	true, but we are arguing possibility of god, not his actual existence.
Protection from discrimination and individual responsibility.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	the only thing in your statement that is true is that they ca not be denied services based on those attributes.
Advocating for higher speed limits on roads.	the roads can be safely navigated at higher speeds.	you raise the limit more so the slower people speed up, and people continue to speed again.
Depression as a Motivator	all you are doing is numbing the pain of the real world.	the difference is that you are depressed for a reason, and that depression might be what you need to motivate yourself to fix your problems.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	most of the enemies in the book are hidden and as such, need rapid response squads.
Swiss-like foreign policy and government services.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	we would not have the purchasing power that we do if it was not for our non neutral stance.
Gender and Sentencing Disparities.	furthermore, adolescent boys are often physically bigger and stronger than older women, so feelings of coercion in that respect are not as pronounced if the genders were switched.	it boils down to what you admitted,   or  year old boys do not have the mental and/or emotional capability to fully consent.
Use of force in a situation.	you should only use the minimum amount of force as is necessary to escape the situation.	the  reasonable person  standard is something that is used when judging self defense cases and reasonable use of deadly force in particular, and it basically states that if a reasonable person, put into a situation, would reasonably assume that their life was in danger.
Acting and Hollywood roles.	same is true with a lot of modern art.	sure, and you would struggle to find someone talented enough on guitar or drums to play avenged sevenfold songs.
Role and Goals of HOAs.	one of the main goals of an hoa are to help maintain or even increase the value of the homes in the neighborhood by preventing people from doing things that would lower property values.	this neither increases nor decreases prices but is a set of standards by which all residents must adhere to.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	you know someone like her does not want to hear it.
Casual sex and its effects on society.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	second, i feel like loving someone without experiencing their sexuality is a bit risky.
The admiration of reading compared to other media consumption.	i am especially interested to see if anyone can explain why reading is  admirable.	if you read a trashy, formulaic bodice ripper or language mangling sci fi novel, few would consider your reading heroic.
Comparison of superhero film franchises.	hero is fine, shit happens to hero, hero saves day, the end.	it is not quite that this is a trope that make this dismissal faulty, it is that it too general.
Starting something based on calendar system vs. seasons.	there is no rhyme or reason to wait until the arbitrary beginning of a calendar system to start something.	or even the businesses that report at the end of their financial year, or all the sports that compete for an annual cup.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	that right is that the government should apply a law fairly.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	and yet, they are places that people believe are safe.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	they are far less likely to seek prosecution because nobody will believe them.
One-state solution and annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the one state solution, palestinians, would have a  right to vote  on israeli policies.	israel officially endorses a two state solution.
Biological sex and intersex conditions.	if you happend to be born with both sets of reproductive organs then you still are one of the two, completely biologically you would just need an operation.	that decision is often made by doctors at birth, but the critera for making that decision are not standardized and often poorly carried out.
History and significance of "under God" phrase.	the under god line is actually a relatively new addition.	getting rid of it is hiding our cultural heritage.
Artificial Intelligence and Algorithmic Trading.	when we program increasingly complex algorithms that fight each other to death for profit at astonishing rates millions and millions of transactions per second , we start developing self improving algorithms that prey on the weaknesses of other algorithms, what does that sound like ?	the goal of most serious ai projects right now is not to hard code any of this, but to have the computer actually learn from a corpus of works.
Customizing mobile devices with jailbreaking and theming.	i have been able to make my jailbroken device look more beautiful and customized than i ever have with my phone or have seen on other is android phones.	this is kind of inherent in the android os because it is meant to be customizable.
Success in a field despite lack of skill or talent.	case in point, eazy e became a famous rapper even touring the white house doing something he was terrible at.	rightfully so, because you can be a terrible rapper and still sell a ton of records and actually be considered great at what you do, and that does not apply to other forms of music.
Social contract and punishment for breaking it.	i believe that everyone of us that lives in a society has tacitly agreed to a social contract and to abide by the society is laws.	it turns out that he is violent in prison, he can visit solitary confinement for awhile.
Relationships and commitment.	i have to say that the opposite of my philosophy is the people that go  yeah, i could probably date him/her for a year, and then head off on my own way .	i personally ca not understand nor agree with your relationship philosophy.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	therefore there is no higher state of consciousness humans have not obtained.
Limitations and safety concerns of self-driving cars.	if a self driving car is slower than the rest of traffic, or gets caught up on a branch that falls into the roadway, or fails to navigate a construction site, or slams on its brakes because a trash bag drifted in front of it.	managed to tank the entire games industry i think the first autonomous vehicle will be what many people build there opinions of the technology around, and will be the basis for the legislation concerning such vehicles.
Immortality and Self-Consciousness in Organic Matter	c that we are closer to cracking the secret of immortality than i think.	there is no reason in that organic matter for self consciousness to arise.
Government transparency and censorship.	if every government told their people everything, there would be constant worry over nothing.	especially one in the middle of a war.
Batman's Mass Assault on Bane and the Consequences	in dkr batman organizes a mass assault on bane, knowing the police are using guns, and bane is troops are using guns, which leads to a lot of deaths.	in batman begins, batman had every intention of having gordon blow up the train tower which would cause the train to crash, and every intention of leaving ra is al ghul there to die.
Criticism of GOP's War on Drugs policy.	the gop started the war on drugs, a policy which is obviously a gross mismanagement of taxpayer dollars and racist to boot.	never mind the fact it is none of the government is business if i smoke weed, as long as i am not driving afterward.
Opinions on Porsche cars.	a porsche is also a lot more fun to drive.	i do not want a sexy car, i want something i know i can rely on to do anything i could ever want it to be.
Role of government in a democracy.	no one should force choices for others.	we could decide that our government is purpose is to give everybody free slurpees on the third tuesday of every month, and that would be it is purpose.
False accusation of rape.	if someone accuses a person of something as serious as rape, that person is life is now turned upside.	bill cosby was not known as a rapist in .
Advantages of sliced sandwiches.	first, a sliced sandwich is always superior to one that has not been sliced.	putting most of your bites perpendicular to the crust prevents any accidental corner bites that, with a triangular sliced sandwich, would be easy to make.
Challenging the Link between Slavery and Black Household Poverty.	which would lead me to believe that the obvious argument of  slavery black households are forever impoverished  is a weak one.	the general american public just does not seem motivated to tackle the poverty issue wholesale and are much happier making weak efforts to repair the harm done to this sub population which is overrepresented among the poor; this interest is waning as well as formal discriminatory practices become distant memories and sympathies are strained by a lack of strong momentum.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	i know for myself that sleeping with others does not change the way i feel about her, so why should it change the way she feels for me ? her capability to feel the same towards me has brought us closer together than i could have ever dreamed of and the way she trusts me makes me the happiest person.
Alcohol policy on campus.	kegs are not allowed on campus so we just have to spend more money on beer.	this is meant to educate students who may not know too much about drinking or the effects of alcohol.
Criticism of TSA and Security Theater in Air Travel	i think the only reason security theater exists is because airlines have lobbied the us government to ensure that fliers feel safe on their airplanes.	the tsa actually hurts the airlines.
Realization of someone's true nature.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	some people like to party and some do not.
Selling products using personal songs and art.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	do you apply these standards to other types of employment ? lets take bob for an example.
Personal boundaries and respect for privacy.	but even more importantly, i could not care less if she slept with every guy in seattle.	believe it nor not, it is not your business to care.
Manipulation of power during times of war.	say that your country is in the middle of a war or something.	worrying about a war is not pointless, in fact if it is not happening something is very wrong.
Abortion and Fetal Rights.	which should not be valid because youre killing another body. which should have rights.	i think we can agree that the vast majority of abortions occur significantly before the  week mark.
"Piracy in the Music Industry"	the music industry has brought piracy on itself.	although both are for personal use, these two are not the same things.
Gender pay gap.	i have seen a million studies that show women make less.	all studies show that women earn less.
Debate on the Importance of Educational vs Athletic Opportunities	there is nothing a priori that makes educational opportunity more important than athletic opportunity.	education is supposed to lead to advancement.
Gender representation in politics.	is less women in politics even an issue ?	also, it is a  good thing  for any country to have women in politics.
The pitfalls of researching atheism and religion online.	there are a thousand places, a million internet hits, which one can browse to discover facts on the athiesm/religion debate and even the specific subtopic that was discussed yesterday.	and dismiss it without formulating an argument against it.
Compensation for police officers.	due to their scarcity, cops will eventually lead to higher compensations to incentivize the fields.	that is all, it is never been about  protect and serve.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	to put it differently, to me the argument that communists are  traitors  is  real and acceptable they show radical disloyalty to the way their society arranged property.
Amorality of Company Actions.	any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	as adam smith said  it is not by the benevolence of the butcher that we receiver our meal but with regard to his own self interest.
Compensation for police officers.	due to their scarcity, cops will eventually lead to higher compensations to incentivize the fields.	turns out that monetary incentives only work for menial labour.
US as a Counter to Tyranny	thus, the us remains the best counter to tyranny in the world.	that is precisely the problem, your false notion that the us is countering tyranny and it is less amoral than anyone else.
School liability waivers.	in my school, for example, in order to attend we have to sign waivers.	for one, a minor does not have the legal ability to enter into contracts.
Feminism and Equality.	the goal of feminism is, or at least should be, equality.	it is not mutually exclusive with feminism.
Evidence for an intelligent designer creating the universe.	bb says: at some moment, all matter in the universe was contained in one single point.	there is a bit of problem with the word  cause  though, since causal relationships necessarily involve time as we understand them, and before the plank time  time  is a meaningless concept, thus therefore causation is also a meaningless concept, but it is pretty much impossible to get around that due to limitations of our language/brains/knowledge.
Feminist group's name choice.	i am all for that, but as feminists, why choose a name that now singles out women ?	and that is not even starting on north africa or the middle east.
Polyamory and the selfishness of true love.	the argument was that polyamory, where love is shared, could not be real because true love is selfish.	convince me that monogamy is about a person wanting love with just one person; and not about controlling or owning them so that no one else can  have  them.
Gymnastics requires mastery of precision and form.	though other sports include the use of precision and form as well, gymnastics requires one to master these skills.	sprinting has a higher energy expendage in a short time, marathons use more energy in a long time, boxing has much higher forces on more vulnerable body parts extend to all martion arts etc.
Inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar and alternative options.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	at the longest timescales, you ca not even have well defined days, because either you base time on earth is rotation and cause things like the speed of light or gravitational constant to change over time, or else you base time on the speed of light and have the number of seconds in a day change.
The importance of a stable household for a child's success.	in order for a child to be sucessful, he/she needs to be raised in a stable household economically, socially, and emotionally.	that would mean a part of her is gone now, but working with a crippled foot stub is actually worse in the long run.
Success in a field despite lack of skill or talent.	case in point, eazy e became a famous rapper even touring the white house doing something he was terrible at.	why ? atmosphere and aesop rock come to mind as pretty poetic rap.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	those words can be mutually exclusive  although everyone should be confident in their own skin and should never dislike who they are, this contradicts the rest of what you said.
Evidence for an intelligent designer creating the universe.	bb says: at some moment, all matter in the universe was contained in one single point.	the big bang took place causing this matter to expand and marked the beginning of the universe.
The use of grades as a measure of personality factors.	i understand that grades also can be used to measure certain personality factors conscientiousness, ability to follow instruction, adherence to procedural norms which all debatable might be as important as understanding the material.	it is been observed that performance at the university level corresponds better to standardized test scores than to high school gpa, so it is helpful to have a grade that is not a vague amalgamation of different factors.
Parasitic Strategies in Politics and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	republicans are obstructionist  within  a democratic system as a form of controlling that system, they do not desire it is dismantling.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	so next up is manslaughter.
The admiration of reading compared to other media consumption.	i am especially interested to see if anyone can explain why reading is  admirable.	reading also helps one learn new or difficult words there are many words i understand in print but am not sure how to pronounce correctly, so this is a skill that should be balanced with speech.
Stress of falling behind in school or work.	if you miss a few days, you end up fighting an uphill battle which makes all of your work worse as you try to both catch up on missed assignments and keep up with incoming ones.	you must understand the material, and if you miss days that means catching up.
Comparison of wind, solar, and nuclear power.	wind and solar power are great but nuclear power is more reliable and produces far more power.	all in all, i do not think that switching to nuclear power generation alone would be a silver bullet.
Individual rights and ownership.	property is a right because we own our selves and consequently our mind and labor.	life is a right because no man is above another to take his life unless of course the other tries to take his first.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	but i challenge you to find a market where there are least two choices for broadband both of which guarantee they wo not charge sites i access or selectivity throttle certain sites.
Hamas rejection of peace and Israel's retaliation.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	complete with reservations, manifest destiny, racism, and outright slaughter of peaceful natives.
Morality and Bestiality	the thing about morality, is you may never change anyone is mind.	but what does the issue have to do with scarcity scarcity defined as  the state of being in short supply  ? whether it is wrong or permissible seems to be entirely independent of whether animals are scarce or not.
The advantages of attractiveness.	i believe because of these factors, attractive people ultimately have happier lives and have way more success while putting in way less work, financially, socially, and emotionally.	how can you prove any of this ? my room mate likes and only dates females of a particular type, that he finds very attractive, and that i do not.
The quality of humor in comic strips.	the comic is comedy or sentimental value is also objectively low.	if you fail to perceive that, which clearly judging by its deeply enduring popularity, is quite perceivable, is a reflection of your own ideas and understanding of the world.
Making informed decisions versus immediate decisions.	others have the incentive of going with immediate decisions without making an informed choice, which i would reason, ends up in regret.	unless you are on a time schedule.
Road safety laws and permit restrictions for cars and bikers.	with these laws i think the roads would become a much safer place for cars and bikers, and many laws will be cleared up for bikers who do not understand the law.	pedestrians do not go to pedestrian school to learn how to walk around a city or go to bicycle school to learn how to ride a bike.
Contradiction in treatment of mutants in Marvel Universe.	at the moment, there is a weird contradiction where mutants are supposed to be  hated and feared  by everyone, but there are tons of other superheroes who seem exactly like mutants spider man, for example who do not ever worry about stuff like that.	we are talking about an entire universe here, just because the brood are attacking one area does not negate threats that the avengers are dealing with elsewhere and happens to be exactly how it tends to work out.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	before psx/n nintendo had the lion is share of the market with sega trailing in the number  spot.
Gender roles and slut-shaming.	because the man is doing the work, the idea of the slut is perpetuated by  allowing  males to sleep with them, so in a world where the norm is that men and women put in equal work when courting, there could be no sluts.	the  root of the problem  is deeply ingrained in our culture and, if you ask me, lies in the belief that women are somehow unable to comprehend their own reality in order to make decisions for themselves and so must be guided through life by the more competent, capable sex.
Importance of Happiness vs Money	doing what makes you happy is just as important as making money.	like other cmv is you fall into a false dichotomy.
Advancing freedom of decision in diverse societies.	now, according to the advances we have in terms of technology and more scientific fields i think we need to advance a lot in terms of freedom of decision.	i do not know where you are from, but can you imagine that people who do not come from the same place as you might live lives that are different from yours, and maybe have needs that are not the same as your needs ? the assertion that technology somehow makes us more morally free is ludicrous, but let is take it as a base assumption.
Compensation for police officers.	due to their scarcity, cops will eventually lead to higher compensations to incentivize the fields.	that is a pretty huge assumption there.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	for another, keep this in mind: that bullet does not just vanish the moment it fails to hit its primary target.
Religious justifications for violence in literature.	what other fashion can you justify genocide, bigotry and forced conversion other than proclaiming that your message is about peace and love ?	i had no idea that i was reading a jesus allegory; i mean, i was six or seven years old.
Intolerance and Tolerance in Europe.	europeans act so fucking surprised when a kid grows up and believes the same thing his parents did back in the old country, as if people magically absorb ideas.	what does religion have to do with anything ? when you are murdering innocent people, your a shitty person whether you are doing it for jesus or for karl marx.
Abortion and American values.	so, if we take life through abortion, are not we defying everything americans stand for ?	i take the lives of turnips, cauliflower, whatever.
The relationship between crime and social issues.	i think we should take the view that crime is a signal of distress.	economy, mental health, the treatment of a person or class in society, etc.
Responsibility for deaths in Gaza bombing campaign.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	with the main goal of hamas being to destroy israel; israel has the right to neutralize hamas to ensure the safety of israeli citizens.
Inequality and Social Mobility.	i do not believe that people should benefit simply by being born into a beneficial situation.	i know you do not have much now, but if you stay the way you are or on an even standard of living, your children will benefit from being born into the situation you currently are in.
The separation of church and state in the West.	to us, an abandonment/separation of church and state was the first major move that allowed the west to begin its period of global dominance.	laws prohibiting the right to vote for women, for example, might have stemmed from christian heritage being more repressive to women in terms of their property rights and familial roles.
Controversy surrounding the American flag and its history.	but i kind of consider the confederate flag to be like the nazi flag.	i guess my point is, yes, the confederate flag might stand for slavery to a lot of people, just as the american flag represents other equally reprehensible things to a lot of people too.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	it is considered one politically, but acceptance of the demarcation makes less sense.
Living in a swing state and its policy decisions.	but outside of statistics, let is say that you do live in a swing state; policy decisions regarding taxation, spending, the military, legalization of substances, etc.	this is not really the case.
Benefits of Exercise	the positive physiological and psychological effects of exercise on the human body are well established.	how are my statements vague ? i listed concrete problems with sports:  injuries including concussions that can fuck you up for life ;  financial burden  abusive coaches  parental pressure\stress i think these factors are just as bad, if not worse than video games risks.
US military spending and losing wars.	and despite spending exponentially more than other countries on our military, we keep losing wars.	isis only took over after we left.
Gender and racial categories in sports.	i think if sports are broken up into male/female categories for fairness then sports should also be broken up into racial categories for fairness.	so if males and females are equal in sports as you claim , and an equal number of white women and black men hold running records, then it would seem that skin color has absolutely no effect on running prowess.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	political parties are.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	not to mention, studies have shown that they tend to attack people who wear  less  provocative outfits because they are the  easier  targets.
The concept of amorality in society.	i think that what we call  amoral  is a huge misnomer;  amoral  is just a social contract we agree upon for the sake of ourselves and our society, rather than intrinsic right and wrong.	but then, is not the death sentence just another murder ? why is it not wrong ? people are divided on it.
Police officers' good and bad acts.	for every bad act a police officer is caught doing, i am sure there are thousands of more good acts.	any of the csi series, cops, law   order, etc put police in a positive light.
Balancing punishment for consensual adult actions.	rather than attempting to punish an adult for something that was done consensually.	i strongly disagree.
Libertarian views on race and discrimination.	libertarians claim that the free market or  social pressure  will eventually lead to a post racial world.	while i am sure you would not  support  or  justify  this kind of racism, i am also sure you would support my right to interact with whoever i wish and my right to let whoever i wish onto my private property.
Batman's Mass Assault on Bane and the Consequences	in dkr batman organizes a mass assault on bane, knowing the police are using guns, and bane is troops are using guns, which leads to a lot of deaths.	you forget the point of batman is no kill rule.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	this is not an act of stupidity.
Capitalism vs. Communism	we are capitalist by nature, thus communism is impossible.	the arguments i generally hear to try and discredit communism are lack of motivation and unequal will to participate.these two things, in my opinion, do not survive closer examination.
Linking Women's Rights and Gay Rights	the reason i see women is rights and gay rights as linked is because both issues are important now and have been for some time and because on some level i believe the teachings of the bible are against both, based on the above passages.	it is entirely possible for someone to be pro womens rights and against gay rights or vice versa.
Transgender identity and body dysphoria.	mtf or ftm trans i think are misguided, yes.	where is that line crossed ? when i realized that i would never be truly comfortable with a male body and that i would rather have a female body.
Faith in Competent Leaders and Historical Perspective on Problems.	would not you feel more comfortable putting your faith in the hands of honest, educated, competent people, then a majority that is lacking most of those things ?	as far as education is concerned, people are getting more educated, not less.
Rules against stereotyping and attacking groups based on beliefs.	rules against attacking groups defined by belief.	sweeping generalizations or stereotypes about a group are often not helpful, as you have described.
Marriage as a Necessity.	i do not think marriage is needed to have sex, prove your love or even have kids.	it depends on the people and how influenced by marketing they are.
Censorship of Swearing in Kids Shows	i will also add that yes, i also do think that swearing should not be censored in kids shows either.	you and i both have the knowledge that comes from years of social interaction to understand it is inappropriate to tell a waiter to  give me a fucking steak  because certain words denote aggression and anger.
Criticism of TSA and Security Theater in Air Travel	i think the only reason security theater exists is because airlines have lobbied the us government to ensure that fliers feel safe on their airplanes.	if you answer that passengers wo not trust hi jackers anymore, then you are  putting lives at risk.
Recording laws and human memory.	if two party consent is required for recording, one of the parties can still recite the conversation from human memory, without informing the second party.	the only difference if two party consent is not required is that people can recite conversations from human memory or computer memory.
Military service and civic duty.	i feel that expressing my opinions with my vote, protest, and activism does more good than joining the military to lay down my life for a corrupt government.	joining the military is not about political change, it is about defending the country.
Rights of criminals and penal system.	yes, you forfeit certain rights when you commit a crime.	if you break a society is rules you lose the right to live in that society.
The importance of promoting gifted education.	if we are not promoting gifted education, then we are effectively encouraging mediocrity.	it does not make too much sense to allow the brightest students to be neglected by not providing them with an education suited to their abilities, because you risk having them become delinquents or underachievers.
Freedom of speech and regulations.	i should be able to say what i want.	, inciting/threatening credible harm to another person, defamation suits, etc.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	for example, the police ca not search anyone they would like.
Internet pricing and usage.	if i do not use the internet that often, why should i pay more ?	prices do not just exist to punish you for your comforts and benefits, but to satisfy the seller is demands.
Morality and Bestiality	the thing about morality, is you may never change anyone is mind.	that some people wall themselves off from rational discussion does not suggest there is not an objective moral truth, or that our moral experience is simply a response to scarcity.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	that is how long it will take to complete that cycle.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	do not you ? again, as has been stated, that does not happen very much in america.
Criticism of Winter Olympics Sports Variety.	the sports in the winter olympics are just plain old boring.	they both test athletes in their discipline and provide for exciting entertainment.
Opposition to the Iraq War.	i am not saying all wars are avoidable, but even though i am highly ignorant about politics, i just did not see the point of iraq war.	many people join specifically to get into these fields.
Safety concerns regarding deaf drivers and lip reading while driving.	trying to lip read a passenger while driving.	those are just bad decisions that a particular driver might make, not anything that necessarily follows from being deaf.
Selling products using personal songs and art.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	i take issue with the presumption that songs are always written as personal expressions of emotion.
Artists selling their art.	even established actors or comedians should not be doing commercials.	he works in a office all day but on the weekends he has a part time job teaching kids piano.
Argument against reincarnation.	in broad terms, what is the most logical argument against the idea of reincarnation that you have heard or can come up with yourself ?	why preserve self deceptions ? for the same reason we have the will to survive to preserve our identity.
Military Medical School vs. Civilian Path with Loans	my plan was to graduate college and join the ushs the military medical school and become and army doctor. i am also poor and medical school in the military from what i understand pays for smart kids.	you will easily cover your tuition, and while debt sucks you will easily pay it off after residency.
Comparison of female rappers with Nicki Minaj.	nikki dissed her funny thing is, nikki may write her own rhymes, but she is pretty not good compared to good female rappers like missy elliot but that was done in a very appropriate manner.	i know you do not know much about rappers and rap, but did you mean nicki ? who is nikki ? btw nicki is probably the best female out there right now she won the best female in hip hop from bet for the th year in a row this year.
Views on Joining the US Armed Forces During Iraq War	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	i did so knowing full well that i would never be  shipped overseas  or see any kind of combat.
Importance of Industry Experience in Politics.	we will finally be able to have smart politicians instead of popular politicians in office.	the big problem with politics is that there is too much money going around, and this will only get worse with your idea.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	i do not need it inspected because it is got no emissions and operates simply enough that even in a state of disrepair, it is still a fairly reliable machine.
Polygamy as a recognized form of marriage.	when we last redefined marriage with no fault divorce, divorce rates skyrocketed and a number of problems worsened.	as mentioned, you know how much marriage has changed ? just in us history ? not too long ago, women did not gain legal rights with marriage like they do now they did not automatically gain property rights or any of that.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	this is a huge advantage for maneuvering in tight spots like this.
Suicide and Responsibility for Dependents	if you have committed no crimes against someone else, nor infringed upon their rights, society has no right to stop you from taking your own life if that is what you so choose.	how would you distinguish someone of sound mind who can purposefully make a decision to kill themselves from someone who is suffering from a mental illness like depression ?.
Gender Bias in Workplace Dress Code.	women have the ability to expose their legs in the workplace, and men do not.	i believe men should have that same ability, and that ability not existing for them, is a bias based on gender.
Politics and Governance.	in toronto last year, the mayor rob ford admitted to using crack cocaine while in office, spurring a backlash from the public.	when we say democracy being fundamentally good, we are talking about a very specific kind of democracy: liberal democracy.
The limitations of ethical consumerism in addressing climate change.	whether or not florida is sunk by rising sea levels is not a triviality that should be left to making sure you buy the right soy sauce.	you are forgetting the moral utility of knowing that particular product is better for the planet.
Argument for Polygamy	polygamy: i am honestly not wholly sure what the argument against polygamy is, besides something about complications in the way tax systems are set up, which could be easily fixed i would imagine.	it would be quite complex, and we would have to legislate the different brackets and rules for each thing.
Police heroism and community service.	i would like to see more videos of police rescuing children from blazing fires, and helping out the impoverished.	i would think that for every good act a cop does, there are   bad acts.
Debate on the morality of business actions.	but any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	simply acting immoral in their own self interest is not necessarily breaking the law.
Watching Let's Play vs Buying Video Games	you could easily buy the game yourself, instead of watching somebody making commentary about it.	also, you do not find let is plays funny.
Perception of Reality and Universality of Sweetness	that is to say that nobody is brain is selected for directly perceiving reality.	thus, evolution of biological consciousness is a process of  discovering  qualia, as opposed to inventing or creating them we evolved  to know  and perceive with greater accuracy what  really is out there , or  what reality is really like.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	we do not pay people based on their skills.
Defining basic human rights.	and that people who espouse that everything is a  basic human right  are lazy and ungrateful.	i would call birth and death inevitabilities, not rights.
Anarchism vs Current System	in the current system, we have the choice between two systems.	do we really have the right to choose ? there is a problem in the logic that a person can simply  choose  the pervading ideological/economic structure that they live in.
Reasons for having children.	why add to the rapid deterioration of our environment by bringing another human being into existence ?	our instincts are geared toward rearing our own biological children.
Grading methods in classes.	the grading is qualitative, rather than quantitative.	was the application good enough for full credit ? if not, how many points does it deserve ? how can you grade someone who has played an instrument or acted in plays since they were a small child on the same scale as someone who has not had the privilege of doing either ? students also have different proficiencies in non fine arts subjects.
Quality of life vs. Prolonging life.	instead of finding ways to prolong life, we could better spend resources to make the life we have got more pleasurable.	this includes tries to reanimate dying people, trying to find a special formula for immortality, and similar medical/engineering advances.
Far-right extremism and its definition.	i believe fascist neo nazi groups, the kkk, the golden dawn or any religious extremist group like radical islamism all fall under the far right.	the definition of extremism changes constantly.
Legitimacy of gender dysphoria as a medical condition.	note: my judgements exclude gender dysphoric people, who are actually medically afflicted with pains and discomfort due to their mind and body disagreeing on what parts the body has.	this condition is definitely a serious medical condition why is this a legitimate medical condition ? but the others not ? because the number of people who believe it to be true ? the amount of research into one but not the other ? should it be treated as a mental illness as well ?.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	leaving an abuser of any sense is generally incredibly difficult, is not it ? not even having $ for a hotel room to escape is really going to affect the person is decision to leave.
Gun control in the USA.	maybe there is a deterrence factor, but are not all these recent police shootings evidence that deterrence often fails with tragic results ?	police officers have to treat every arrest with the idea in mind that the person could be armed and deadly, and when you are in a backwards neighborhood such as the tragic one in missouri, guns are even more prevalent.
Rules against stereotyping and attacking groups based on beliefs.	rules against attacking groups defined by belief.	you can examine the historical factors that led to the creation of the group, or the conditions that the group exists in.
Comparison of superhero film franchises.	hero is fine, shit happens to hero, hero saves day, the end.	from  the big lebowski  dude gets his rug taken away to  breaking bad  walt gets cancer , you are describing not a trope but an essential part of storytelling URL this is how conflict itself in a story is generated.
Debate on whether alcohol-facilitated sex is rape.	but there is a push escalating trivial hookups to rape.	if anyone has regrets after the fact, they should deal with it like adults.
Acknowledging the Existence of Horrible Black People.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	you just say  horrible people exist  and leave irrelevant information like race out of it.
Limitations on Freedom of Speech	as the first amendment only guarantees that the government shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech, the act of detaining those who exercise free speech is not explicitly illegal, and would fall under the category of a false arrest.	well, your problem is that you are viewing the act of free speech as absolute, and the courts have repeatedly held that no constitutional right is absolute, and all are subject to reasonable restriction.
Evolutionary Psychology of Physical Attraction.	beauty signals health, fertility, good genes, intellect, good decision making, and the subjective part of looks probably has something to do with traits that blend well with my own genes.	you simply do not have time to waste assessing other qualities.
Comparison of Iran and Israel's behavior in world affairs.	iran has proven itself to be a pragmatic and rational actor in world affairs.	israel is not a signatory.
Believing in Love and Overcoming Heartbreak.	i believe we should all believe in love, and fight for it.	as somebody who has fallen in love several times over my life, i now have my dream girl, i am happily married, and after  years together i am as deeply in love with her as i was the first year, and it is the best love of my life.
Legal implications of denying allegations.	denying the allegations puts you in the awkward position of calling someone a liar.	you are not helping your case in the court of public opinion by not saying it in a very public way early on.
The ethics of a sociopath in politics.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	but the problem is that  what is best for the nation   is  an ethical quandary.
Economic policy regarding import and export.	if we export money, we lose that money from our economy.	the fed just magics them up out of thin air.
Importance of diplomas in society.	my view is that the purpose of a diploma is to prove you are able to function in a civilized society.	i think you are really giving too much value to a highschool/college diploma.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	consider my opinion changed.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	red flag/warning sign.
Relationships and Cheating	failed relationships and cheating is just way too prevalent to be coincidental.	it affects tendencies in long term relationships, fidelity, etc.
Discussion about mainstream music artists and Nicki Minaj's talent.	say all you want about iggy being talentless and mediocre which can be said about most mainstream popular music artists and performers, what can i say ?	the rap game is different, but you would know this if you understood the rap game.
Monopoly's lack of skill and excessive randomness.	games full of randomness are too boring. like many american kids, i was often forced throughout my childhood to participate in  monopoly  games with my family.	for someone who has not learned  any  games yet, it is great as an introduction.
Cost of Professional Sports Entertainment Tickets	if you want sports entertainment you should go pay professional sports entertainment.	people in the city are going to want to watch their local college sports team.
Eating cats and dogs to fight poverty and hunger.	there is no more health risk from eating a healthy cat/dog than there is from eating any other animal.	of course this would not mean stray animal ended up costing more than traditional meat yet it would close the gap some for sure.
Libertarian stance on discrimination in laws and justice.	where discrimination for the sole reason of sex/race/etc is completely ok.	discriminating against minorities would be a  huge  disadvantage for any business model.
Anti-immigrant sentiment and violence.	southern republicans often spout rhetoric about shooting immigrants on sight.	shooting immigrants on site is an immature and ignorant response to a very real threat.
Gender differences in immediate sexual encounters.	men are much more likely to say yes to a request for an immediate sexual encounter than women are.	i think men are more likely to divorce the emotional and physical components of sex than women are.
Benefits of Exam Structure in College Courses.	some students already know all the material and are taking the course only for formality reasons.	in their case homework is a waste time that could be used for other courses.
Concerns about mixed-gender bathrooms.	there are already unisex and family bathrooms some places that are used with no complaint.	biologically, in some ways, men and women are different.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	this place is dangerous !.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	with no ultimate universal ethical authority, i believe that a person is only obliged to do whatever pleases him/her not necessarily short tem .	maybe some propositions about what you ought to do are simply true like statements about the natural world are true.
Overcoming shyness and social anxiety.	in a similar manner all the people have to make some sort of effort to leave the comfort zone in order to know strangers.	part of overcoming shyness and social anxiety is teaching your brain to understand that you are not in a threatening situation.
Benefits of Exam Structure in College Courses.	some students already know all the material and are taking the course only for formality reasons.	at colleges where exams are only   of the final grades students are able to put more effort into comprehending the material and eventually put more effort into doing better in the course.
Racism and Society's Segregation.	tell me why the society that condones racism is  better , especially for minorities.	nonconformists will be forced to move when businesses, social clubs, and homeowner is associations impose trade sanctions on either racists or non racists.
Comparison of wind, solar, and nuclear power.	wind and solar power are great but nuclear power is more reliable and produces far more power.	i think that solar and wind power are quite competetive in this area, given that enough capacity is built and it is distributed over a wide area.
Criticism of Medicalizing Opinions on Racism and Heightism	racism and height ism are both a form of sociopathy, because instead of people, you just see cartoon cutouts based on your prejudices, and that allows you to be horrible to them.	besides, i do not think this is an accurate understanding of how prejudice works, or even how social perception works.
Testing Ideas in Physics	ideas in physics are much easier to test.	it was understood by the s that the particle had to exist, we just were not able to experimentally identify it.
Criticism of Welfare System and Natural Selection	currently, i see our welfare system as a slap in the face to survival of the fittest.	it would be interesting to see what would happen if welfare was severely restricted but there wo not be an explosion of work simply because the manual labor jobs arent there to take them.
Severity of punishment for unintentional wrongdoings.	If a person does something wrong unintentionally, he should not be punished very severely	you want to let all the psychopaths free to do whatever they want to others as long as they promise not to hit or intentionally kill.
Real names and consequences for online behavior.	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	the sole foundation of the internet is anonymity.
Accessibility to basic human needs.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	there is always more to learn.
The role and consequences of anger.	lastly nothing consequently good can come from anger.	for soldiers during d day, anger of their lost friends could have driven them further, taking the beach head.
Criticism of Subsidy System and Taxation on Productivity.	our subsidy system for poor people especially regarding reproduction has grown the ranks of the poor by millions.	is it your assertion that the welfare system  encourages  people to be poor ? please back up this claim.
Artistic value and deadlines in the job market.	in the marketplace, art is value tends not to be based on the amount of time taken to create it.	there are many jobs in which your job is to produce a piece of art by a certain deadline.
Men's rights in abortion and financial obligations.	therefore, i believe that men should either have abortion rights, or the right to waive all financial obligations to his child while abortion is still an option.	at that point the woman cannot terminate the life and neither party can walk away from their responsibilities.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	at least in  years the ring will be worth something.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	voldemort wants to take britain intact, the ministry is heavily controlled by pureblood families who do not want to kill all their companions.
Life expectancy and mortality rates in small tribes.	life expectancy was shorter/infant mortality was higher.	life expectancy was not a bit shorter and a bit more violent, you were lucky to reach  years old and   of people per year in small tribes died killed by other tribesmen.
Political parties and voting in Croatia.	in croatia we mainly have a choice between two parties left and right which hold majority of votes.	alternatively, just do the right thing and vote for a third party.
Beauty standards for women.	and places value in the superficial that is completely irrelevant.	there is no different standard of beauty for women.
The separation of church and state in the West.	to us, an abandonment/separation of church and state was the first major move that allowed the west to begin its period of global dominance.	the country has actually taken ardent strides into separating itself from its religious heritage to be come a majority muslim yet secular state.
Fatherhood joys and challenges.	think of all the joys fatherhood brings.	parents will generally say that their kids are the source of both their greatest joy and their greatest misery.
Morality of the Death Penalty	i think that what we call  amoral  is a huge misnomer;  amoral  is just a social contract we agree upon for the sake of ourselves and our society, rather than intrinsic right and wrong.	how does it prove morality does not exist ? some people argue that just because it is natural does not mean it is moral and justifiable.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	in the other part of my county there are all of two choices: verizon dsl or comcast cable.
Opinion on banning pet cats.	The federal government should ban pet cats. basically my view is rather simple i hate cats.	my housing association allows cats but does not allow them outside.
The nature of gods and their evolution over time.	gods are just humans who have had a good million or so years to evolve.	god cannot be a highly evolved being if god is the beginning.
Job market and wages in China.	the competition is extremely high for all kinds of jobs hence why salaries are pressed down, especially for entry level positions.	so when are old and in need, there is more money for government programs and services that you depend on.
Separation of Church and State's Impact on Global Dominance.	to us, an abandonment/separation of church and state was the first major move that allowed the west to begin its period of global dominance.	the west has had a much more violent religious history than the middle east.
Religion and the concept of God.	if god created us in his image, why is he considered good when we are a violent species ?	we are clearly not created all powerful and all knowing, which introduces flaws.
Birth control as medicine for women's health.	and the reason is simple: birth control is not medicine.	birth control is every month, and contrary to popular opinion, it is not always cheap.
Debate on Greg's Actions and Natural Rights.	in my opinion, greg is actions are completely within the bounds of  natural rights  and the motto that  your rights end where my nose begins .	i am interested in hearing some  actual  libertarians respond i am not one , but i do think this is a dubious interpretation of the nap.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	science does not actually have an opinion.
Feasibility of a classless society and job distribution.	proponents of a classless society: how do you realistically see the society functioning so that the  hard  jobs are not all vacant ?	so, why do masters go through all the effort and expense to become certified ? i would suggest that they are more interested in the challenge, the prestige, and the acknowledgement that the certification carries than the amount of money it will earn for them.
Humanity's relationship with animals.	i believe that we humans are not more evolved than any other animal, we just evolved differently but together with other animals.	since a polar bear is not capable of intellectual thought but humans are, we need to step in and prevent polar bears from eating seals.
Unselfishness in Embracing Partner's Sexual Desires.	the ability to embrace your partners acts of desire is the truly unselfish act.	unfortunately, jealousy is hard wired into our brains for procreation, we do not want our mate breeding with others, for the fear that we might raise another person is offspring and not pass on our own genes.
Parasitic Strategies in Politics and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	republicans do whatever keeps them in power, just like democrats.
Balancing Work and Personal Life	i do not eat excessively or drink lots of beer at weekend social gatherings.	i notice a lot of people eat dinner, then a few hours later go to a bbq the eat a shit load of food again and drink a shit load of beer.
Modern art and its connection to meaning.	same is true with a lot of modern art.	one work might be a response or critique or elaboration of someone else is idea, but you do not have that cultural context, so you do not understand why the choices the artist made make sense or what they mean or the thought process behind them.
Preference in dating based on race.	i do not think is racist when someone prefers to date a white person over a black fellow.	why do not you think that is racist ? it does not mean anything to say  i prefer whites over blacks.
Beliefs about sex with transgender individuals.	there exists a very real, and i would argue dominating, belief amongst the populace that having sex with a transgender man or woman is not the same as having sex with a  born  man or woman.	seems like your brother didnt have a problem with this issue.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	it is a supply and demand issue.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	many people i work with today consider themselves  gamers  on some level, many are married.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	it wo not, but you sure as fuck can make all the best of the time you do have.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	add in there the fact that more people exist today than  years ago.
Capital punishment and morality.	murder and inequality are naturally occurring phenomenons.	humankind wants to punish a murderer by death, yet continues to wage wars like there is no moral repercussion for it.
The Flaws of Political Parties and Voting.	additionally, i often see that we are left with the choice of  dumb vs dumber  in elections.	we have  powerful political parties because voters have decided that they are willing to accept a great deal of compromise in exchange for a great deal of power.
The ethics of suicide and society's role in prevention.	my view is that suicide is your last right which cannot be taken away without complete captivity and dehumanizing restraints.	this is why society tends to take the  we are going to stop you from doing this for your own good even if you do not like it or appreciate it right now  approach.
Israel's invasion of Gaza.	and the invasion of gaza is unjustified as well as impractical.	after thousands of rockets and the discovery of tunnels to that lead into israel with the sole goal of killing israelis what should israel do ? not at all like iraq.
Religion and its impact on society.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	we can also test the effects of prayer, spells, magic, incantations, etc to disprove those beliefs.
Grading and Approaches in Math, Science, and Humanities Courses.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	if you are not capable of handling a heavy workload, do not take a heavy workload.
Grindr hookup culture.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	religion is also not on the whole tolerant of promiscuity.
The value of time and effort over monetary gifts.	i also add that i personally value the gift of time and effort above most monetary gifts because that is something that everyone values about the same.	i can use the money to not only get more work done but to help someone earn money.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	if people were looking just for sex this would not happen.
Morality and Bestiality	the thing about morality, is you may never change anyone is mind.	even if they are completely plentiful, one may still argue the act is wrong perhaps it violates the dignity of the animal ? perhaps it is psychologically unhealthy ? there are lots of possible reasons.
Responsibility for Preventing Crime and Supporting Individuals.	if people can finish school, find a job, have a hobby, they will not commit a crime.	i tried all other options, and there was nothing for me to do, so i took the last option available to me: crime  i am in no way trying to justify their actions, but i find your  just get a job  response to be misinformed at best and downright insulting at worst.
The importance of secrets and thoughts in people's lives.	i personally have sworn off secrets in my life, but i know many people do not want to.	for example, do you think it would be appropriate for your friend to go through you browser history ? for them to ask about what you do in bed with your partner ? for them to go through you texts ? no.
Debate on animals' desire for life.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	so you do not  need  animals to lack the will to live in order for it to be moral to kill them for food.
Advantages of using a trailer for moving.	if you actually want to move a lot of stuff a trailer is a lot more practical.	most of the pickup trucks i saw where not carrying a massive load, there was just a person in the truck.
Online Dating and Consumerism.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	if the expectations were unrealistic, then everybody would be disqualified.
Legal implications of cohabitation versus marriage.	if for some reason we do not work out i want to keep what i have worked hard to earn, and not be responsible for any debts she may still have.	it is rationalized due to shared assets.
Impact of long-term radioactivity pollution on the environment.	and the environment is polluted with radioactivity for over a century.	going back to safe levels with intervention can be accomplished within a year.
Obama's defense of Sony's cyber bullying of Kim Jong Un.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	there is a big difference between a random bully in a school, and a dictator of a nation who enslaves, rapes, murders and imprisons people and even children on a massive scale.
Manipulation of power during times of war.	say that your country is in the middle of a war or something.	remember that the purpose of a government is to represent its people, and it ca not do that if it is  protecting  them from the world.
Cruise activities and limitations.	cruises are also full of activities to keep yourself and your kids occupied during the trip.	because they are going to a destination not accessible by a cruise ship ? because they would rather stay  in their actual destination  as much as possible while on vacation ? because they are afraid of boats or sailing ? because they object to how the crew on board such ships are treated ? because they are aware of the fairly atrocious food handling and food storage on board most cruise ships ? cmv some people do not care about room service.
Charities and CEO Salaries.	many charities that you may donate to pay their employees and ceo is ridiculous salaries.	do you really want society to work like that and do not care about it, just because it is usually not that visible ? you can argue that it would be even worse without capitalism, but you can still acknowledge injustices and demand that those who unfairly benefit from the system give as much as possible back to society.
Obama's defense of Sony's cyber bullying of Kim Jong Un.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	in law, there is a concept of a  public figure  which in part basically means, you ca not stop people from making fun of you if you are famous.
Opting out of Social Security and its consequences.	i firmly believe that there should be a law allowing anyone who wishes to opt out of social security to do so.	some poor people would see the logic in maintaining a social safety net but they would be few.
Police abuse and accountability.	to clarify; i think these officers abusing their uniform are repulsive.	some church where a preacher was sexually abusing kids but the church reported him to the police upon finding out.
Basic human needs and Maslow's hierarchy.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	but you misplace your blame: it is not competition that is at fault, it is distribution.
Native American history and conquest by Europeans.	conflict was aplenty before the usa was founded, and i do not feel the indians were innocent victims because of this.	is it so hard to feel sorry for such unfortunate individuals ?.
Importance of challenging students and the benefits of diversity.	secondly, there is danger in leaving any students unchallenged.	check out this ted talk about khan academy URL that really points out how our concept of education and gifted students is far from reality.
Controversy surrounding Blackwater's operations in Iraq.	or even the entirety of the us military vs blackwater blackwater never had a single failed mission in iraq .	pretty much everything they saw ? i would classify that as a  badly  failed mission.
Alcohol policy on campus.	kegs are not allowed on campus so we just have to spend more money on beer.	forcing students to buy a meal plan means that students do not need to worry about buying their own food and thus wo not go hungry if they do not have money to buy food for themselves as many college students are not exactly rich.
Blame on Neglectful Mothers.	but the lion is share of blame rests with neglectful mothers.	so why is your post only singling out neglectful mothers ?.
Echo chambers and belief in rumors on boards.	on boards you will find echo chambers where people are more prone to believe rumors than proof.	do you have proof ? uh, no.
Distrust in politicians and the desire for honesty in voting.	i only want to vote for someone who i could reasonably expect to be honest and trustworthy.	local candidates aside, there are almost always a handful of ballot measures/propositions that are the closest to direct governance we get as citizens.
The meaning and implications of NSFW.	if we go back to the actual meaning of nsfw not safe for work , the idea is clearly that you do not want something on your screen that someone at work could oversee.	if a coworker sits down at your computer, and types in a few letters, you do not want that showing up on your screen.
Religion and its impact on society.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	religion in the middle east is causing death and destruction.
Responsibility for deaths in Gaza bombing campaign.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	the reality is that israel is able to weather criticism of civilian casualties but that does mean it is not to blame for the deaths.
Internet and Social Networking Usage.	or users would just stop using social networking as much.	there is there is a whole list of things they do not want shared on the site.
Dealing with a friend's personal problems.	i think her problems are due to her own issues, and its unreasonable for her to drag me into her own problems.	you do not have to be offended by it; some people are proud to be racist and hate gays, and there is nothing saying you ca not be one of those people.
Blackface and Offense in Modern Times	being offended by someone who had painted is face black is dumb as the original issues with are not relevant nowadays.	ultimately, the closest thing we see to blackface on a regular basis is when people use a mocking black accent to make fun of black people, like when they say  he din no nuffin  wrong !   on every single thread where a black person is accused of a crime.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	it is just a different economic system which really is not all that different now if you consider it.
Commercialization of music and its impact on authenticity.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	you refuted that it is  compromising one is art for money , which is what i would define it as.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	however i think your interpretation of the emotional and mental well being is misguided.
Concerns about education quality and tax revenue.	i have no problem with people getting a good education, but with all the extra students and not much more tax revenue for the schools, the quality of the education lowers.	are you sure about the lack of tax revenue ? do not forget indirect impacts to the economy.
Relationships and Cheating	failed relationships and cheating is just way too prevalent to be coincidental.	we currently live in substantially different conditions than cave man.
Education requirements for becoming a police officer.	from what i understand, you do not need an associate is or bachelor is degree to be trained as a police officer.	true, but it is not like you need  years of college to understand the basics of traffic laws.
Economic progress and potential job loss.	If the policy is implemented, workers will have nowhere to go but to the unemployment line.	when you say economic collapse, what precisely do you mean ? market failures ? currency issues ? a recession or depression ? bottom line is that people have predicted economic collapses literally since economies began.
Debate on Abortion and Fetal Development.	i have always believed that abortion is a good thing.	at that point an abortion would be equivalent to killing a child, which is one reason why i believe there should be a time limit on when you can legally have one.
Limitations of Short-term Charitable Solutions in Africa	many charities focus on providing short term solutions to african problems: eradicating disease, education to citizens on issues of sexuality, etc.	but the quality of life is slowly rising.
Views on Joining the US Armed Forces During Iraq War	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	i joined the navy is nuclear power program, and operated the reactor of a nuclear submarine, quite literally as far away from the front lines as it is possible to be.
Gender pay equality.	i seriously believe that men and women probably make a very similar number; a number so similar that there are no grounds for advocating either gender needs more pay.	what is the weighted mean here ? maybe the million studies going one way all had small sample sizes and small effects, so they count less than the million going the other way.
Two-state solution and Israeli annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the two state solution, israel would have to treat a palestine, as a country, with sovereignty.	an occasional  war.
Discussion on the feasibility of battery-powered vehicles.	many vehicles simply demand too much energy to be battery powered construction, military, freight, etc.	if you can afford a tesla, you really should not need a $, tax break ! tax break aside, are you weighing this one thing against all of the money spent for fossil fuel consumption ? those have their own tax break and subsidies, if they are not so obvious, they still exist.
Possessiveness in relationships.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	interested in a girl ? pursue her.
Value of entertainment media.	while three or four dollars is not much money on its own, the entertainment value of the product, in my experience, not worth the amount i pay.	i think this statement says more about your personal preferences than it does about the actual entertainment value of the media you have purchased.
Effect of vegetarian options vs humane meat in restaurants.	second, an individual not eating meat makes zero difference, almost.	unless you live on a farm or directly hunt your meat, not a single animal is saved.
Road safety laws and permit restrictions for cars and bikers.	with these laws i think the roads would become a much safer place for cars and bikers, and many laws will be cleared up for bikers who do not understand the law.	having the entire population licensed for their mode of transportation does not automatically make the population good drivers or knowledgeable drivers.
Real Names and Consequences for Online Behavior	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	people who are exposing corruption in their business ca not do that effectively if their bosses can easily find out that they are doing that.
Benefits of Yoga and Pilates for Physical Fitness.	but i have not seen a serious discussion about the benefits offered by yoga or pilates to enhance the hard work that has already been done.	/r/fitness is not about  being massive , a lot of the focus  is  on strength/powerlifting two different but related things.
The value of existence and suffering.	if you do not exist as a living being, you cannot feel suffering.	how ? as outlined before the only way we can know pain is by knowing pleasure.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	earlier you said that bicycles impede the flow of traffic.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	they are pretty damn selective at times, and often, a picture of you with your shirt off no matter how ripped you are will get you an instant no.
Realization of someone's true nature.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	some people just want casual sex.
Impact of voting in swing states/ridings.	unless you live in a swing state/riding, your vote is not going to make a difference.	theres preferential systems, multi member systems, proportional systems, and so on.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	much like having root access, you can implicitly deny yourself read/write/delete access to a file on the system, and then not have the ability to edit it, delete it, or see its contents.
Misuse of downvoting on Reddit.	secondly, downvoting is not supposed to be an implement of disapproval at least, not on reddit .	people can bandwagon on something and upvote it just as much as people can disagree and bandwagon against someone who puts out a good comment, but people do not agree with.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	it takes up an enormous amount of time dealing with this bullshit, even when it can be demonstrated that the student skipped nearly all the classes and did not do any of the work.
Household chores and responsibilities.	you now would have to do all that shit on your own.	all the cooking, cleaning, billing, etc does not take up  hours per week.
Commercialization of music and its impact on authenticity.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	merriam webster URL someone who does something that does not agree with that person is beliefs or values especially in order to make money.
Defining the American Dream.	that is not what america is about.	if your issue is with people who do not want to work, focus on shitty parents.
Comparison of Classical Liberalism and Conservatism.	classical liberalism is a philosophy of limited government and personal liberty.	feminism is analogous to  liberalism,  in that liberalism is the line of political philosophy that is concerned with concepts like the individual vs the state, personal freedom and limits on government power, while feminism is the line of political philosophy that is concerned with gender oppression, the intersection of personal and political, and cultural power structures.
The importance of policy and politics.	neither of these reasons have dick to do with policy.	local elections are where these individuals actually have a shot at winning.
Efficient boarding process at airports.	passengers should be required to self sort prior to having their tickets scanned.	the very fact that passenger boarding is not organised for greater speed/efficiency says that it is not the major limiting factor.
Racism and Reclaiming the Word "Nigger"	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	one may feel completely offended by you saying nigger and another black person may not.
Perception of gift value based on giver's income.	many people are wowed by the amounts of zeros present in the gift and forget that proportionately to the giver is income, the gift may have been piddling.	some of us are thankful for what they provide, some of us spit at it and demand more.
Organic farming and GMOs.	i would be most people who often buy organics are also against gmos, which means that organic farmers have to make environmental compromises in order to satisfy their customers.	the epa initially recommended that farmers keep a full  of their fields planted with non gmo seed in order to encourage mating between bt resistant and non bt resistant pests, but many of these guidelines were not followed and were resisted by monsanto.
Gender identity and biological sex.	the things that define what a  aman  is is essentially a penis, and likewise, a vagina for a woman anatomically and scientifically .	there might be a certain way the brain works in relation to what gender you are, but that is because you are biologically that gender.
Reasons for having children.	why add to the rapid deterioration of our environment by bringing another human being into existence ?	if you want a clean environment, we can simply murder our species.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	i believe that expensive engagement rings and elaborate wedding ceremonies are a waste of money and only serve to make women feel spoiled and/or special.	and engagement ring can bring attention to a person and keep unwanted attention at bay.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	we cannot sit idly by and let students just  not do their homework  because the lack of effort will be reflected on their tests.
Government assistance programs and homelessness.	the programs covered would be where an individual applies for benefits including food stamps, housing, medicaid, social security and so on.	and you think this would reduce crime ? if you are going to take this approach, you might as well say mandatory death penalty for anyone convicted of a felony.
The Benefits and Limitations of Cruises	i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, you should go on a cruise.	first off, stated prices are not always exactly the same as actual prices that you will end up paying.
Limitations of scientific evidence and research studies.	anything not backed by scientific evidence or at least deemed possible or credible is ridiculed.	we do research because there is so much we do not know, and there are so many boundaries we should not cross morally.
Two-state solution and Israeli annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the two state solution, israel would have to treat a palestine, as a country, with sovereignty.	delaying.
Criticism of Anime Tropes and Historical Context.	i find the tropes of anime very inane, everyone looks the same, people are too serious or too wacky, the animation is clunky same expressions , the subject matter is very bizarre and i ca not stand most of the characters.	this, however, gave anime writes a new freedom.
Morality of killing in military service.	by enlisting in the military, you have agreed to kill someone on behalf of the cause for which that military is fighting.	you might agree that your son is life is worth killing someone else for, which is how you have presented it above.
Misalignment of School and Financial Years with Calendar Years.	school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years.	a more sensible calendar might be, like, a little better, but how much ? most people do not spend a lot of time doing the kind of calendar arithmetic that would be alleviated by moving to a slightly more intuitive calendar which, as you admit yourself, still would not be perfect since a full year is  days long, or whatever the number is.
Weddings and gender roles.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	also, what is wrong with feeling spoiled or special ? we are all humans and we have feelings.
Racial profiling and discrimination by police.	but if the same policeman finds a black kid with facial tattoos, a thick accent and pants around his knees we see that kid go to jail.	that is not necessarily true.
Gender representation in politics.	is less women in politics even an issue ?	lots of girls start of enjoying programming and then get put of because of sexism or attitude or lack of encouragement or other things.
Men's desire for sex and prostitution.	one reason i believe this, is that men patronize prostitutes in significant numbers and men are willing to trade things of real value like money in order to get sex.	i mentioned impulse satisfaction above, those are examples of impulse satisfaction; not necessarily a differential in desire.
Importance of lectures and exams in academic performance.	the recommended textbook should only used as a study aid, not as a replacement for lectures.	it is not fair to fail a class because circumstances were not in your favor for one particular day.
Dieting and Exercise vs. Regulating Caloric Intake	i do not care about being right i care about losing weight, and i never wanna do yoga again !	your entire cmv seems to be that dieting and exercise are not necessary or the easiest option if you regulate your caloric intake.
Testing people's ability to distinguish between wines.	therefore, i basically believe that people ca not tell the difference between wines.	try this with a few combinations:   alscatian gewurtztraminer   oaked california chardonnay super duper easy mode   manischewitz   cab sauvignon even easier seriously, if you cant distinguish these, you probably do not have a tongue or a nose   german riesling auslese from mosel   a bone dry alsatian riesling also super duper easy mode: you can taste sugar, right ? california oaked chardonnay   sauvignon blanc   a sparkling wine produced via the metode champenoise   a sparkling wine produced via the charmat method like prosecco   pinot noir   cabernet sauvignon   chinon   merlot try this with both your friend and yourself.
Men's rights to opt out of child support.	men should be able to opt out of supporting a child.	think about it: in order for a father to contest, he has to be notified of the pregnancy in the first place.
Debate on the feasibility of ancap utopia.	the only difference between the ancap utopia and our own world is that, in the ancap society, everyone nearly homogeneously believes in ancap principles, asides from a few troublemakers.	so where does it really leave us if we are in an ancap world and yet the place is filled with  statists  i.
Musical Instruments and Techniques	singing is simply a muscular contraction, you train your vocal chords to output a certain pitch and timbre.	arguably more difficult than playing guitar, bass, or drums for long periods of time and i have done all of those, for the record.
Opinions on clapping at the end of a performance.	please change my view so i can stop getting annoyed when a theatre full of people clap.	it does not matter whether the creators will know or not.
Misuse of downvoting on Reddit.	secondly, downvoting is not supposed to be an implement of disapproval at least, not on reddit .	without the ability to downvote you ca not keep the upvote bandwagons in check and you also ca not send something to hell for being a troll or completely off topic.
Criticism of TSA and Security Theater in Air Travel	i think the only reason security theater exists is because airlines have lobbied the us government to ensure that fliers feel safe on their airplanes.	your point falls apart because the tsa is partially responsible for a  decline  in air travel.
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	the way i see it, if a couple legally consents to piv sex, both the man and the woman have implicitly consented to the possibility of pregnancy.
Parenting and underage drinking.	drinking age is a fairly well known number.	in fact, the us is drinking age of  is tied for the highest national drinking age in the world URL certain areas of india go as high as , but no country mandates an equally high number nationally.
Inclusion of LGBTQ+ Relationships in School Curriculum	i do not want to sound like a douche, but we do live in a hetero normative society.	school books should also feature queer relationships.
The complexity and physical demands of baseball.	as for mental capacity, baseball is an extremely complex sport.	baseball players have a ton of it, and they must have a decent amount of mental capacity too, but it does not require the same level of thought and strategy that professional gaming does.
Crime news and sensationalism in media.	I found that there have been more and more crime news in the society in recent years	you hear a lot more about crimes now then you did x years ago, but the world has not changed that much.
The relationship between crime and social issues.	i think we should take the view that crime is a signal of distress.	again that is not always the case people do not always commit crime out of necessity of deprivation of needs but out of selfishness and greed.
Legalization of Racism in Housing, Employment, and Public Services.	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	that does not mean libertarians allow racism in the form of violence and the use of force.
Ray Rice's suspension from the NFL.	so i heard an interesting opinion about the ray rice situation, so he assaulted his fiance, and when the video of that got leaked, public outrage caused him to be suspended from the nfl permanently.	i have no doubt though, he will be back in the nfl at some point.
The ethics of piracy and its impact on producers.	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	this is free advertising.
The relationship between crime and social issues.	i think we should take the view that crime is a signal of distress.	i think that this applies to the most brutal criminals in history, too, most of them falling under the  personal  label.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	by negative rights i mean ones that oblige others to refrain from interfering with you, as opposed to positive rights that require action by someone else, such as the right to education.
Feminism and Public Opinion.	these connotations seem to turn public opinion away from the feminist movement.	it is the opposite of masculinity, which they cannot be, so why not embrace the femininity ? i could not name one current feminist by name, who is famous for something she did recently.
Fear of Death and Its Impact on Decision Making	i used to be afraid of death, especially when i was a kid/teenager.	just because you were bothered by it enough to reflect for years does not mean others are ignorant.
Individual financial autonomy within a marriage.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	if your partner has unreasonable spending habits and wo not curtail that behavior, then maybe you should get divorced or annulled.
Importance of challenging students and the benefits of diversity.	secondly, there is danger in leaving any students unchallenged.	i believe you are looking at intellect, potential, and education very much within a small confined box that is the current terrible schema used in education around the world.
Racism and Slurs.	i am not saying asians have a conscious plan to manufacture new slurs.	that is a flat out lie.
The right to basic necessities of life.	right to basic necessities of life right to have anything that one needs to stay alive.	but the reason we call it a right to the  basic  necessities  of life, rather than simply a  right to live , is because this is generally understood to mean if for all persons that person habitually needs x to live , then any person has a right to x.
The role and consequences of anger.	lastly nothing consequently good can come from anger.	i agree with most of your points, about how people are to quick to anger and that it can snowball, but anger did and still does serve a purpose.
Fear of Death.	after years of reflection i came to the conclusion that everyone who fears death is either ignorant or weak, because there is nothing to gain by this.	people obviously can have less productive reactions to fear, but in that case their decision making is the problem and not the emotion itself.
Fear of Death.	after years of reflection i came to the conclusion that everyone who fears death is either ignorant or weak, because there is nothing to gain by this.	fear motivates us to change our behaviour to attempt to escape something.
Health and Attractiveness for Personal Reasons.	you should be healthy for personal reasons.	what if those personal reasons are that you really, really want to go out with this person ? many people are more extrinsically motivated than intrinsically motivated, and it is possible that this is the push they need to get healthy assuming their weight was unhealthy before.
Cost comparison of fast food and healthy food.	fast food is actually relatively expensive in comparison to healthy foods.	another problem is that the vast majority of  healthy  food is also unprocessed food, even more so for cheaper ones, which mean you have to prepare it and often cook it.
Impact of long-term radioactivity pollution on the environment.	and the environment is polluted with radioactivity for over a century.	thousands, even hundreds of thousands of deaths is not a huge deal these days, apparently.
Gun violence and its impact on society.	not to mention the amount of people who die each year due to violence with the use of guns and firearms such as mass killings of innocent lives.	deer, especially, now with the recent near extinction of wolves and other predators have excessively procreated and allowing hunting  for the sport of it  is a good way of dealing with overpopulation.
Complexity of the American Legal System	i am not a fan of extreme simplification, but i think the american legal system has gotten out of hand in complexity.	say an ordinance is passed that is very simply written so that anyone can understand it.
Use of the N-word in Black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	rnb music, soul food, black churches are in the black culture.
Inconsistency with Student Devices and When They're Needed	secondly, lack of consistency with students  devices would cause confusion.	by allowing kids to bring in their own devices, and reducing the number devices the school has to purchase, it allows the school to actually purchase better quality devices.
Morality as a Product of Atoms and Society.	we are ultimately just piles of atoms that have assembled themselves into semi self aware regions of influence.	if morals could be demonstrated to be a both a direct product of the interactions of those atoms and a necessary foundation for the arrangements of atoms we call society, without any appeal to supernaturalism, would you accept them as true ? from the early stages of life, self preserving and propagation behaviors have conveyed a survival advantage, and, over time, this lead to the adaptation of complex systems for reinforcing advantageous behaviors and discouraging harmful ones.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	in this one, i choose to believe in god because it has a positive impact on my own life.
Travel options and costs for coastal cities in Alaska.	most large cities are on the coast and you are able to travel anywhere.	large cities are not the only thing i would want to travel to on a vacation.
Comparison of drug use and video game playing.	i believe that drug use does not imply anything more negative about a person than playing video games does, cmv.	but drug abuse does imply something negative about a person: that they are damaging their health.
Differences in coping mechanisms in a relationship.	for example, say i am in a relationship and i value alone time when i get stressed.	if i want to be treated with respect, treat others with respect.
The creation of music by talented individuals.	anyone with even a modicum of talent on guitar or drums can play green day songs.	its another to create it.
The admiration of reading compared to other media consumption.	i am especially interested to see if anyone can explain why reading is  admirable.	as mentioned in the first part, people tend to admire consuming novels rather than the act of reading itself.
Use of force in a situation.	you should only use the minimum amount of force as is necessary to escape the situation.	there is obviously going to be some grey area for someone who is obviously bigger and stronger, and if you are found to have, say, martial arts training or whatnot then you are going to be held to a higher standard.
Negative effects of online dating on self-perception and societal values.	finally, online dating has profoundly negative effects on people who are not desirable. i for one can say that online dating has altered to way i view my own race.	increasingly ? as compared to what ? historically, the only things more important than looks were political ties and money.
Education and student freedom in course selection.	students need to be given more freedom in their choices of classes, ect.	as in what else ? obviously, in the situation where you put developing minds in a room together for  years of their life then they of course will learn something, because human children are hard wired to learn stuff.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	their food choices are not my business.
Believing in Love and Overcoming Heartbreak.	i believe we should all believe in love, and fight for it.	and by focusing on a failed love, you reduce the odds of ever falling in love again.
Eating meat and ethical considerations.	you may as well either go back to eating meat, or go all the way and become vegan.	i must admit, i have never been able to follow the reasoning of fish but no meat  vegetarians.
Monogamy and ethical considerations in relationships.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	is it ethically wrong violate a commitment or agreement that you have made with another person ? why is that thought/act something to be considered disrespectful ? it is just sex.
Non-binary gender identity and terminology preferences.	who do not perfectly fit into little stereotype gender roles.	this is different from your assumption that there exists only two things  genetalia and  your role in the society, and nothing in between.
Thanksgiving meal preferences and tradition.	we keep lying to ourselves, while we fill up on everything but turkey.	but tradition informs our preferences.
Improving file organization and navigation on desktops.	far more useful, imho, would be something like a better implemented version of those osx springy things in the dock a popup always on top file browser window toggled on or off with a button in the dock/startbar/etc, defaulting to your documents folder.	you ca not access your desktop by going into the folder structure.
Stress and fear of failure in academics.	the thought of a bad grade on homework which should be helping us learn is just stress that we might fail and be punished for life because of it.	do you think nasa engineers that made the metric/imperial mistake deserve a pass because of that one mistake ? you do not get points for what you know if you ca not express your knowledge, as many engineers/scholars/entrepreneurs would tell you.
Cultural exports and perspectives on culture.	the  cultural export  of australia is tiny when compared to that of, say, france, which has had thousands of years of art, poetry, and science.	the view that  australia has little culture  is only really applicable as a eurocentric view much of  modern  australian culture can be traced back to european settlement URL the colonists were hostile to the indigenous population, and actually believed that indigenous australians were  less cultured  than they were, and attempted to force european ways onto them, and even attempted to drive them out of their own lands URL further abuse was committed with policies such as removal of children from their homes URL and the crown claiming sovereignty over the land URL to put it in a us perspective would you argue that native americans were less cultured than their european settlers ? a lot of culture spreading right up until recently was as a result of wars, invasions, racism, colonialism, imperialism and more.
Limitations of Society's Scientific Discoveries and Inventions	and so as a society, we are restricting our discoveries and inventions to the small areas of science and technology that we know about so far, that we think are credible and worthwhile.	do you think you could make the switch ? all logic and scienctific reasoning says it is the better choice.
Misconceptions about the nature of gods.	gods are just humans who have had a good million or so years to evolve.	nothing about the statements so far necessitates that there is any larger scale instance of this sort of thing, though it is entirely possible and probably that other human level intelligent species may exist elsewhere in the universe.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	treat all of them as if they are gifted.
Debate on whether inmates should receive free liver transplants.	however i see no reason for an inmate, most of which are former drug and alcohol abusers to perhaps receive a new liver, free of charge.	i am not sure i agree that going to prison makes you automatically inferior.
American culture and its stereotypes.	we have as much of a culture as any other country, and that is obvious if you travel.	unless you want to count being benefactors of slavery or segregation, then be my guest ! we might have an american culture, but there sure as hell is not an american white culture.
Swiss-like foreign policy and government services.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	going static on that would leave us boxed in, and in a potentially bad position.
Inheritance Taxes and Wealth Redistribution	there would still be an incentive to gather wealth but the concept of being rich because your family used to be rich disappears.	can you still justify your idea if this money just adds to government waste ? it becomes an outdated concept much like nobility and its hereditary privileges feel outdated nowadays.
Criticism of Far-Right Ideology.	i have come to believe that the far right embodies everything that is disgusting in human beings.	children should be taught how dangerous these ideologies are.
Making informed decisions versus immediate decisions.	others have the incentive of going with immediate decisions without making an informed choice, which i would reason, ends up in regret.	even when the action that is not fully thought out.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	basically what it comes down to is response time.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	this is why forklifts and pallet jacks steer from the rear.
Availability of PDF editing apps on tablets.	ipad and android tablets and i assume whatever the heck microsoft is is have very solid apps for editing pdfs.	custom made notes and things made on pdfs have a non negligible chance to bug out, to lose entire sections, to completely reset.
Gender differences in immediate sexual encounters.	men are much more likely to say yes to a request for an immediate sexual encounter than women are.	i think that men have a more urgent need to fill that sexual desire.
Anti-abortion argument and its weakness.	the chief anti abortion argument is that fetuses are alive.	one could justify a general ban on infanticide as a violation of the rights of the parents, not the newborn.
Casualties in the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict.	by simply looking at the numbers of casualties on both sides, the casualties on the side of the palistinians massively outnumber the ones on the isrealian side.	that is not happening in gaza the population is in the millions.
Airline seat reclining policy.	i feel that i paid for a seat that reclines, and i also paid to sit in a seat where the one in front of me reclines as well.	you acknowledge that flights are cramped and that reclining can be uncomfortable for the person behind you depending on their stature or need to use the tray table.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	feminists are men and women.
Different views on success and retirement planning.	my idea of success is having a roof over my head, a steady supply of food, one used car, and a way to obtain the small salary, and also to have remaining spending money to entertain myself.	this is where i think most of us disagree, most people want the ability to retire and find a way to fund their life beyond their working years.
Appropriation of Black Culture in Hip Hop.	white guys and chicks are all listening to hip hop,slurring their words, putting on a blacker accent and using more black words like  ratchet  or  twerk .	you can sympathise, but you cannot actually  fully  understand those experiences of racism without having experienced it yourself.
Artificial Intelligence and its potential consequences.	when we program increasingly complex algorithms that fight each other to death for profit at astonishing rates millions and millions of transactions per second , we start developing self improving algorithms that prey on the weaknesses of other algorithms, what does that sound like ?	their experience will be totally inintelligible for us.
Grading in Maths and Science.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	it is not a great thing, it is an average thing, unless you are doing something revolutionary.
Foreign policy and government services in the US.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	who gives a fuck about switzerland ? the landlocked, marginal population who is current global contributions are chocolate and watches ? the usa brings change everywhere.
Athletic Ability in Summer Olympics	sports in the summer olympics take more athletic ability.	to me, both of them have their boring and exciting events.
Stress of falling behind in school or work.	if you miss a few days, you end up fighting an uphill battle which makes all of your work worse as you try to both catch up on missed assignments and keep up with incoming ones.	you do not get a pass just because you did not show up.
The morality of sacrifice and human flaws.	the proported act of sacrifice is morally wrong   no sacrifice to a deity could be considered moral in any circumstance.	even if i did embrace total moral relativism i would be hard pressed to look at my whole life and find no moral mistakes.
Job opportunities for bachelor's vs master's degree holders.	i feel like a lot of jobs are given to gifted soon to be bachelors students who are just desperately waiting for paid internships to put on their application.	if a well paid and comfortable job was that important to you why did you get a masters ? why did not you just stop at bachelors and be  gifted  a paid internship ?.
Grading and Approaches in Math, Science, and Humanities Courses.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	in fact, students with passion for subjects usually do significantly better in those subjects.
Thanksgiving meal preferences and tradition.	we keep lying to ourselves, while we fill up on everything but turkey.	people who would not like turkey most of the year like turkey on thanksgiving in part because of the tradition.
Race relations and individual rights.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	the state plays favorites with certain groups based on sex, race, etc.
Feminism and Public Opinion.	these connotations seem to turn public opinion away from the feminist movement.	i think the name makes it more relevant for women, and gives more recognition for more women.
Suggesting improvements for user interface design.	far more useful, imho, would be something like a better implemented version of those osx springy things in the dock a popup always on top file browser window toggled on or off with a button in the dock/startbar/etc, defaulting to your documents folder.	why should not that folder be accessible as a folder on the filesystem ? is the crap as visual problem, a usability issue, or something else ? personal preference is one thing, but objective design decisions are quite another.
Laughing at disabilities and personality traits.	i am not offended or anything, but there is just something in me that says  laughing at autistic people is wrong .	it is not funny that someone has autism, but the things they do can still be funny.
Religion and Logic	i just ca not see how intelligence and logical reasoning can coexist with religious beliefs.	you do not understand the difference between  belief that , and  belief in , or else you would never try to apply positivism to belief in.
Gender equality and reproductive rights.	if women are given control over their reproductive system contraception she is able to control the balance of power much more.	i am sure many working parents would gladly trade their job for more time with their children; i know i would.
The concept of free will in relation to heaven and afterlife.	when you consider the christian view of heaven being a place where  sin  does t exist then there is no free will, not really since you can only choose to do the  right  action.	while you may not be able to imagine a way to spend your time, the incredibly powerful entity controlling your afterlife would have the power to keep you entertained.
Police and injustice in American society.	therefore, a cop who operates in an unjust framework is automatically waging war against you.	then the cop is waging war on you and violence is justified in self defense.
Personal finance and household budgeting.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	if you are married, it may well not just be your money.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	such as can he create an indestructible wall that he cannot break no matter how much he tried ? or can he create a box which makes it impossible for him to know what is happening inside ? being all powerful means being able to grant and deny yourself rights as you see fit.
Monopoly's lack of skill and excessive randomness.	games full of randomness are too boring. like many american kids, i was often forced throughout my childhood to participate in  monopoly  games with my family.	the lack of skill involved is exactly why it is a much better game to play with kids than something like settlers of catan.
The impact of a child's self-perception on their development.	a child growing up thinking he is less important than everyone else could be just as, if not more, damaging than a child growing up thinking he is more important than everyone else.	the world revolves around children.
Cost of Professional Sports Entertainment Tickets	if you want sports entertainment you should go pay professional sports entertainment.	people are not going to stop being fans of college sports because college sports are deeply integrated into sports.
Same-sex marriage and government involvement in marriage.	so not to get hung up on technicalities, but people cite the equal protection clause of the constitution as a basis for the claim of discrimination inherent in same sex marriage bans.	personally i do not think the government should be involved in marriage at all.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	with no ultimate universal ethical authority, i believe that a person is only obliged to do whatever pleases him/her not necessarily short tem .	you do not need an ultimate universal ethical authority.
Sexual promiscuity and its association with love.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	i believe promiscuity is a bad thing and that sex should be linked to love.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	now the average household has multiple tv is and computers, dozens of lights, air conditioning, and other electrical devices thermostat, refrigerator, microwave, etc.
Tattoos and societal norms.	if you placing tattoos in that area, you are sending a message to society, whether you intend to or not.	they are inked on someone to be seen, i ca not understand why you think because they are inked on someone is bicep opposed to their neck people want them to go unnoticed.
Organic farming and GMOs.	i would be most people who often buy organics are also against gmos, which means that organic farmers have to make environmental compromises in order to satisfy their customers.	the use of gmo rapidly increased resistance to the pesticide because farmers planted corn continuously rather than rotating with soybean.
Bill Murray's cult following	so, what should i watch to convince me that i am wrong about bill murray, and he actually deserves his cult following ?	humor is one of, if not the most, subjective things out there.
Relationship between personal finance and market trends.	economics what you do with your money affects the markets.	was because of economic freedom enjoyed by many american is.
European Court's approach to online content regulation.	the european court should be targeting the websites and admins to remove the content, and stop pestering the search engines for doing their job.	i asked you how you feel about google already not displaying most adult content like porn or gore.
Polyamory and Selectivity in Relationships.	a relationship should be between two people.	polyamorous people do not fall in love with everyone they meet on the street it is more selective than that.
Criticism of religion's role in causing problems in the world.	when i say that religion in general and islamic in specific causes a lot of problems in today is world, i am seen as a bigot and an islamophobe.	these things give justification to extreme acts.
Toxicity in Gaming Community.	even i have recieved some hate messages for disagreeing with them.	they do it for attention, and if you just report/ban them, they go away.
"Piracy in the Music Industry"	the music industry has brought piracy on itself.	on one end, you are integrating your own understanding of raintee is concept into an original story by yourself.
Online bullying and negativity towards celebrities.	tldr: people should not shit on other people for no reason; even if the person you are shitting on is undeserving of fame, does not have talent, or whatever, there is still not a good reason to shit on someone.	the rap game is different, but you would know this if you understood the rap game.
Transgender identity and body dysphoria.	mtf or ftm trans i think are misguided, yes.	the core of your misconception and lack of understanding comes from you thinking that being trans is determined by gender roles that society has set.
The existence of supernatural beings and their paradoxes.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	such as can he create an indestructible wall that he cannot break no matter how much he tried ? or can he create a box which makes it impossible for him to know what is happening inside ? if you define an all powerful being as something that cannot be restricted by anything but itself, none of your two examples lead to paradoxes.
Misconceptions about feminism and equality.	the only argument i hear when i mention my views on this, is that feminism has evolved into what i would like in a equal rights movement.	why not ? what is the problem with an ideology that focuses on women ? do you think feminism prevents feminists from  also  advocating for men is rights ? because it does not, people who are feminists can also advocate for men is rights just like people who are lgbt advocates can advocate for straight people is rights.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	as an individual, i do not have to treat people fairly though i endeavor to do so.
Accountability for civilian casualties in Gaza.	israel should not be held accountable for civilian casualties in gaza when hamas is actively trying to increase civilian casualties by firing missiles out of civilian buildings.	with the main goal of hamas being to destroy israel; israel has the right to neutralize hamas to ensure the safety of israeli citizens.
Complexity of the American Legal System	i am not a fan of extreme simplification, but i think the american legal system has gotten out of hand in complexity.	but can they ? according to the dictionary, a vehicle is a thing used for transporting people and goods.
Making informed decisions versus immediate decisions.	others have the incentive of going with immediate decisions without making an informed choice, which i would reason, ends up in regret.	in which case taking long amounts of time is going to result in a failure to act.
Teaching children important values and behaviors.	people always talk about how pure children are.	these are things that children need to be taught because when left to their own, they do not share, play nice, and they often hit each other.
Men's rights in abortion and financial obligations.	therefore, i believe that men should either have abortion rights, or the right to waive all financial obligations to his child while abortion is still an option.	men do have abortion rights: they can terminate any fetus in their own body.
Yelling at someone without seeing themselves as the bad guy.	the person who you are yelling at does not see themselves as  the bad guy .	usually you  call people out  for the benefit of others.
Family size and financial comfort.	if we only have one child we will all be able to live a very comfortable life.	if they are well off enough to be able to afford to send one child to any college in the country and afford a lake house, they would be able to provide a comfortable middle class life to two children no problem.
Investing in a country's development and India's space program.	spend billions on improving a country is living standards, education, etc.	it cost less than $millions so $ per capita, it is not like they cut education spendings in half.
Spanking and Understanding Consequences in Young Children.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	there is no lesson in spanking, in fact the lesson being taught is the opposite of what we encourage kids to do, which is respond with violence instead of talking or problem solving.
Galileo's scientific contributions and societal limitations.	what if galileo had only studied what was politically correct ?	there is no established theocracy preventing scientists from touching certain subjects nothing is taboo anymore but i guess you are saying, somehow, this has led to some sort of inverted hierarchy where  the scientists  are a new form of catholic church and restrictive dogma, and their  findings  are preventing some incredible new, outside the box discovery.
Religion and its interpretation by local communities.	to which she replied that while the text never changes the rules do and that you just ignore the text.	however, as soon as people read up on it and start to identify with the values i just outlined and begin to adopt them for their own life, you can actually judge this religion.
Comparison of gymnastics and rock climbing.	yet gymnastics asks one to maneuver their bodies into shapes that the human figure is not meant to form.	it is possible to complete the skills without it, but in a competition arena, sloppiness scores no points with the judges.
Artists selling their art.	even established actors or comedians should not be doing commercials.	not every commercial is there to sell a product.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	it is also a lot harder to make sure you are evenly spaced between the lines since it is impossible to see them once you start pulling in.
Echo chambers and belief in rumors on boards.	on boards you will find echo chambers where people are more prone to believe rumors than proof.	even now there are still subreddits like twoxchromosomes or /r/atheism or gamerghazi, which are basically echo chambers about how everyone but them are horrible people, literal nazi is, etc.
Fear of the Unknown in Natural Selection.	since natural selection shows us that the strong survive, at some point the human, or protohuman, brain tells humans that anything different is dangerous.	but what we find is that when the animals feel secure in their surroundings and they are exposed to a variety of things, they start to show curiosity.
Perceptions of the US military during the Iraq War.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	voters use their political will to elect leaders who decide to go to war, taxpayers finance the war effort.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	why does china erode the positive outlook on the world.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	science does not tackle figurtively speaking god.
Ethical theory and private property ownership.	any sound ethical theory of private property must contain a way in which property may initially become owned by a specific individual.	well, that would be my pragmatic ethical theory.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if we all obeyed them, traffic would come to a crawl.	people who drive slower than the rest of traffic cause accidents.
International policing and American perspective.	why not let the rest of the world police itself for a change ?	the situation does not feel  as  pressing in america, but when you are in europe it feels very different.
Challenges with societal gender norms and definitions.	the problem lies not within people  being born in the wrong skin , but within society is narrow definitions of men and women and of masculinity and femininity.	they are virtually synonymous to most people.
Grading in Maths and Science.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	any reasonable teacher gives some partial credit for work, but still takes the final answer very seriously.
Objectification of Women.	the objectification of women is a very serious moral issue that does nothing but hold women at a different standard than men.	appearances have a massive impact on our very evolution as a species, and they affect almost every aspect of daily life in every society on this planet.
Misconception about increasing unemployment problem in the world.	since the number of problem in the world seems to be increasing.	the world we are living in now is improving every day and it is literally the best time to live in since the dawn of civilization.
Banning hate speech subreddits on the internet.	i also believe that the admins should ban subreddits that are based on hate speech, such as /r/whiterights /r/greatapes.	why does it bother you that there are hate speech subreddits ? like you said, they would find somewhere else to talk if not here, so why does it bother you ? just do not go to those subreddits.
Quality of life vs. Prolonging life.	instead of finding ways to prolong life, we could better spend resources to make the life we have got more pleasurable.	we already spend a vastly larger share of resources on enjoying simple pleasures than we do on immortality or extending life.
Criticism of Feminist Naming Conventions	i am all for that, but as feminists, why choose a name that now singles out women ?	public opinion and the status quo is why these women are doing what they are doing.
Protection from discrimination and individual responsibility.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	the idea is that individual rights should still apply when you own a business.
Biological sex and intersex conditions.	if you happend to be born with both sets of reproductive organs then you still are one of the two, completely biologically you would just need an operation.	a quick look at the wikipedia page URL will reveal that biological sex is not all about your reproductive organ.
Spoilers and disinterest in a TV show.	if you do not care about the show, why get all uppity if you now know the ending ?	the story itself is about finding answers and solving puzzles, in true detective is case, the conflict revolves around the characters not knowing who the killer is, so spoiling the ending does not just ruin the end, it ruins the whole show.
The limitations of commitment in marriage.	no one can make a commitment that lasts forever, no matter how much people fool themselves that that is what marriage is.	considering i have seen people who have stayed together for life who got married at , this is not true.
Monogamy and ethical considerations in relationships.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	i see relationships as an adoration and certain respect you have with another person.
Racial insensitivity towards black people.	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	you realize that this  entire sentence  is completely racist right ? they probably wo not complain  to you  or publicly because of cultural values and ideas but if you think that chinese people are not offended when you say that in general then you are completely wrong and pretty racist.
Comparison between laptop and tablet.	using a laptop is just a less ergonomic experience.	i find that laptops are the ideal ergonomic experience, and sitting on a couch with a laptop on my lap is something that i personally find extremely comfortable.
Biology and Homosexuality in Different Societies.	if homosexuality or pedofilia is entirely based on biology, should not the rate of homosexuality be consistent with very little variation across all societies ?	do you suppose fruit flies are also exposed to gay culture ? if you believe homosexuality to be inherited somehow, then it still leaves room for variation.
Islamophobia as a Type of Racism.	however, sociologists consider islamophobia to be a type of racism, despite islam not being a race.	this is true but it just so happens that the vast majority of islam are races that are not the same as the islamophobes.
The Radicalization of Feminism.	often the loudest voices recieve the most attention and usually those voices come from the mouths of radical people.	there are plenty of outlets for intelligent feminist discussion and none of them are tumblr or reddit.
Hamas rejection of peace and Israel's retaliation.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	hamas is not trying to increase civilian casualties, they are fighting in the land they are trying to protect.
The Complexity of Racism.	racism stems from negative stereotypes that are trumped up and oppress a people in a certain group.	there is a long history of the us taking various actions to suppress their culture back in the past.
Misunderstanding of Peer Review	because of this, we waste millions chasing after results a simple bit of peer review could have definitively ruled out for a fraction of the cost.	this will be true regardless of what funding looks like.
Tattoos and Employment.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	but for every person with a stupid monster energy drink tattoo on their chest, there is someone like me, with a tattoo that reminds them of happy times and is a reminder to them of who they are and what they have been through.
Concerns about social division with BYOD in schools.	my biggest concern with byod in schools is increased social division.	i think the more concerning thing would be that the school as well as the student would not be able to afford the technology needed.
Critique of Capitalism and its Alternatives.	the exploitation of the working class, the environment, and the like, in the pursuit of profit, then, is an assault against all of humanity.	if then your argument amounts to  capitalism is evil, therefore violence against is ok  in the absence of a better alternative then you are really just asking for violence for violence is sake with quite a bit of callousness with regards to the lives of people actually involved.
Impact of British colonization on India and global connectivity.	in countries like india, the very form of government, transportation system, schooling system, and many other indirect influence have their roots in british colonization.	the mughals, in fact, adopted a liberal approach to sciences and as contact with persia increased the more intolerant ottoman school of manqul education came to be gradually substituted by the more relaxed maqul school.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	an even better use is to save the money.
Military service and civic duty.	i feel that expressing my opinions with my vote, protest, and activism does more good than joining the military to lay down my life for a corrupt government.	you ca not substitute one for the other because they serve different purposes.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	you are suffering from an existential crisis URL  an existential crisis is a moment at which an individual questions the very foundations of their life: whether their life has any meaning, purpose, or value.
The insignificance of one's actions over time.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	i do not know the people who first crossed the suez area into asia but i am glad they did to create whatever civilization they ended up starting.
Basic human needs and Maslow's hierarchy.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	consider also the s famine in ukraine.
The advantages of attractiveness.	i believe because of these factors, attractive people ultimately have happier lives and have way more success while putting in way less work, financially, socially, and emotionally.	attractiveness is extremely subjective.
Accounting for Employee Time Off	accounting on the employer side is complicated as there are going to be multiple ways of accounting for an employee is day off.	what you describe is really just a straitforward hr problem that is remedied by even very modest levels of competence.
Teaching children important values and behaviors.	people always talk about how pure children are.	do not hit people.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	classes like english and history often ask  what is the best answer  which does not prove if people had the knowledge and intellect to reason, only that they can think like the exam writer.
Economic progress and potential job loss.	If the policy is implemented, workers will have nowhere to go but to the unemployment line.	there is no reason in particular for it to be  crossing the line  soon, especially within months.
Human evolution and animal equality.	i believe that we humans are not more evolved than any other animal, we just evolved differently but together with other animals.	abrahamic faiths essentially say that we, as god is children, are governed by his law and the world around us is tailored for us.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	libertarians are not anarchists; they just want to reduce the size and power of government.
Libertarianism and Discrimination.	i tire of discussions of natural rights and how libertarians treat everyone with equality, because everyone is allowed to discriminate equally !	how is this any different ? does the person not own the business like they own their house ? than what justifies this ? a society where we kill off the rich and distribute their wealth might be a  better  whatever that means society, but it is not a moral society.
Myth of European tolerance.	that european culture promotes tolerance is by far the most pervasive european myth.	i am sure their is some intolerance in europe, but compared to the rest of the world, they are very tolerant.
Criticism of Welfare System and Natural Selection	currently, i see our welfare system as a slap in the face to survival of the fittest.	but decent paying jobs for the  not so talented  have dried up due to outsourcing, automation, etc.
Controversy over medical care choices.	some people do not get vaccinated and live long healthy lives and some people do and the same thing happens.	not everybody gets in a car accident, but we still force parents to safely secure their child.
The nature of gods and their evolution over time.	gods are just humans who have had a good million or so years to evolve.	god is meant to be a creator, or at the very least the prime mover.
Criticism of religion's role in causing problems in the world.	when i say that religion in general and islamic in specific causes a lot of problems in today is world, i am seen as a bigot and an islamophobe.	nobody gets baptized and instantly starts on the warpath of homosexual eradication.
Microevolution and Macroevolution.	evolution occurs on small scales with species, but these species do not hold a common ancestor.	when they do so, they are basically arguing against a strawman.
Hamas rejection of peace and Israel's retaliation.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	genghis khan murdered babies and fetuses to ensure they would not grow up seeking revenge, so israel should probably just do that in the name of safety too, right ?.
Debating the constitutionality of the US democratic process.	i am not accusing anyone of acting illegally, so explaining how nothing that happened was unconstitutional or whatever wo not really convince me.	that is problematic, because without that, even your definition of  democratic  is a random personal idea, rather than the actual system of the us democratic process.
Real Names and Consequences for Online Behavior	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	those are a few of many examples of people who benefit from online anonymity.
Disadvantages of mobile websites on budget smartphones.	there is not a single instance where a mobile website is preferable to a full site.	they use less data e.
Concerns about social division with BYOD in schools.	my biggest concern with byod in schools is increased social division.	however, it is unlikely that a lower socioeconomic school district would even implement a byod system in their schools.
Exploitation of Potential Outside Public Education System.	so, a society has more to gain by exploiting their potential than that of the average student.	challenging  is not the responsibility of public education system.
Balancing punishment for consensual adult actions.	rather than attempting to punish an adult for something that was done consensually.	proving statutory rape beyond a reasonable doubt is already a very difficult proposition.
Beauty standards for women.	and places value in the superficial that is completely irrelevant.	why is your personal distaste more powerful than that ? how is it different than football ? how those guys play the game is so superficial.
Misuse of downvoting on Reddit.	secondly, downvoting is not supposed to be an implement of disapproval at least, not on reddit .	i think downvotes still have their place.
Charities and CEO Salaries.	many charities that you may donate to pay their employees and ceo is ridiculous salaries.	there are plenty of charities which deserve any support they can get.
Federal Income Tax and its Implications.	if you do not pay federal income tax your either a criminal or poor.	is patently false and a severe misrepresentation of most americans.
Obesity and Legislative Impact on Healthy Alternatives.	point being, obesity only runs rampant in the united states because legislature is not there to deflate the cost of healthy alternatives.	most of the  epidemic  announcements look at bmi.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	information exchange: you can fill out your profile and let people know things about yourself that you think are important.
Responsibility for persecution of atheists.	also, anyone who, for whatever reason, is persecuted for being atheist is at least partly responsible for their own persecution.	it is no one is responsibility to keep their mouth shut about things other people are intolerant about.
Knowledge of World War II in America.	as a european american i am consistently astounded by how little americans know about the war.	lets be honest because the americans you talked to is a small sample of those in the entire country unless you have done some sort of mass research project.
Grandfather Paradoxes and Time Travel.	logical grandfather paradoxes were made up for drama and to relate people to the story.	this repeats until you find the right combo, at which point you tell yourself the right combo.
The impact of abolishing intellectual property on science and progress.	i also believe that abolishing intellectual property could result prejudicial to science and progress as less people would be willing to dedicate their lives to innovating.	it is a public work, we should fund it as such.
Love as a social construct and primal instincts.	true, but maybe that is because love itself is a social construct ?	which we should not.
Critique of Capitalism and its Alternatives.	the exploitation of the working class, the environment, and the like, in the pursuit of profit, then, is an assault against all of humanity.	the reason why this argument used to be popular but is no longer is because the violent overthrow of capitalism has being tried before, numerous times during the th century in fact, and nobody has found a better system to replace it.
Obama's responsibility to address cyberbullying in schools.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	he is not johnny mcangstyteen who is in the tenth grade.
Intellectual Property Rights and Cultural Differences.	however, patents and copyright are not  property  in the sense that cars are.	your problem seems to be based on the mistaken belief that property is a  thing  rather than a legal relationship  to  a thing.
Consequences of Unprotected Sex.	you played the game, had your fun, got burned, and have to deal with the consequences.	the fetus ca not give consent for adults to have sex.
Role of government in a democracy.	no one should force choices for others.	nor are the rights granted by a society is citizens to themselves and each other inalienable, static, absolute, or non exchangable.
Psychiatric diagnosis and lack of understanding of biology.	the time and effort the psychiatric institution has put in the diagnosis is less than the time and effort i myself put in as far as i can tell.	i would say without good reason, one should not contradict the doctor, since they have done more work studying medicine than you have.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	why is it a education vs space exploration ? why ca not we focus on improving both areas ? and the amount that is actually spent on orion and other nasa projects is miniscule in comparison to the money spent on military and defense.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	i do not back in slowly.
The Israeli-Palestinian conflict and potential solutions.	until israel endorses either a one state solution, or a two state solution, the israel government is, at best, disingenuous.	i believe that israel has no right to explicitly support a single ethnicity or religion.
Racial tension and looting in minority communities.	black people are quick to scream prejudice and then turn and loot stores of chinese and indian immigrants for  justice .	i have been saying this and i will continue to.
Yelling at someone without seeing themselves as the bad guy.	the person who you are yelling at does not see themselves as  the bad guy .	normally considered a very rude thing to do.
The concept of being an ally.	in essence, declaring yourself to be an ally outsources your moral reasoning to the group with which you have allied, and i cannot imagine any reason to do that.	as others have pointed out in this thread, i have not really ever heard of someone identifying as a feminist ally, why not just be a feminist ? for an lgbt ally though, the implied outsourcing of moral reasoning is purposeful.
Survival ethics in times of scarcity.	if a harvest was projected to be lean, infants would be regularly left to die so that their small villages would have enough food to go around.	infanticide and abortion are no worse than any of the above.
Privacy and Online Sharing of Childhood Memories.	today is adults grew up without their every  adorable  embarrassing moment being stored online for posterity.	e not the only kid present why just social media ? why not the newspaper articles online ? why not just take em off the news stories as well ? they are online too now right ? social media is defined as ;websites and applications that enable users to create and share content or to participate in social networking.
The value and enjoyment of magic tricks.	working out how the magic trick was done is half the fun for me and i think most people .	this secondary fun ends when you actually work it out.
Importance of Clear Communication in Homework Instructions.	homework is about communicating that you know the material and can obtain a correct solution to a problem.	if you ca not communicate clearly write clearly as the teacher, it seems clear to me that  you  have not communicated the necessary instructions to ensure you get legible answers.
Mandatory helmet use for cyclists.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	while some consequences make sense, equivalency would not.
Issues Faced by Other Alien Species.	war, more and more dangerous weapons, corporate greed, government corruption, global warming, mass extinction, these are all issues that other alien species would likely encounter.	government corruption decreases in developed countries on average or more precisely, the countries that spend the most of their gdp bribing government officials are lesser developed countries.
The War on Christmas and Religious Inclusivity.	the real goal of the  war on christmas  is to claim ownership of the end of the year, and pressure others to only acknowledge the christian holiday and exclude all others.	as an example unrelated to holidays, let is consider that some blacks prefer to be called  black  and others prefer  african american.
Criticism of Welfare System and Natural Selection	currently, i see our welfare system as a slap in the face to survival of the fittest.	and the replacement jobs basically pay welfare rates.
Effect of vegetarian options vs humane meat in restaurants.	second, an individual not eating meat makes zero difference, almost.	why is it that getting a restaurant to offer more vegetarian options makes no difference, whereas getting a restaurant to offer meat from a more humane supplier makes a big difference ? i would argue both make a difference.
The importance of a marketplace of ideas for abortion rights.	what can i possibly say of any value about abortion rights ?	we need to establish a marketplace of ideas where everyone is fallible opinions come together and conflict, we interact and argue in defense of our ideas, others attack them, the better replace the worse and we all end up better off than we were before.
Debate on Monogamy vs. Open Relationships.	more over, the reasons for being monogamous are exclusively character flaws related to the items mentioned above, or outright ignorance about non monogamy, about stis, etc .	the root of this is what the person gets out of sex.
Political spectrum and movements.	a fascist with a libertarian, both are apparently right wing.	you ca not say that hitler is  to the right and ted cruz is  to the right.
Extended deadline and luck.	why am i lucky that a deadline was extended because of a situation out of my control ?	op seems to be rejecting the notion that luck is in some sort of vacuum devoid of the context of the person.
Bill Murray's cult following	so, what should i watch to convince me that i am wrong about bill murray, and he actually deserves his cult following ?	that is the great thing about humor, it is unique to the person watching or listening and therefore creates the variety of humor that we have today.
False accusation of rape.	if someone accuses a person of something as serious as rape, that person is life is now turned upside.	he was accused by women  times between  and last year, and he still did not have the reputation of a rapist in the public eye.
The role of sociopaths in society and leadership.	in order to minimize people is personal moral codes getting in the way of a powerful, efficient society, sociopaths and other people with little to no morals should be encourages to attain positions of power.	what is the difference between a nation and its people ? if a leader is a sociopath, they are at risk of doggedly pursuing destructive tasks in the name of  winning , whatever they believe that might be.
Wealth and Employment Status Affect Quality of Life.	an able bodied person who works is going to have more wealth and likely lead a better life than an able bodied person who does not.	i think that your definition of freeloaders is off.
Keeping last name in marriage.	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	i still see my parents and siblings on a regular basis, and so does my wife.
Dangers of Revenge Porn.	but so can other behaviors by resentful lovers, such as gossip, cheating, backstabbing, betrayal, and financial exploitation.	i would argue a betrayal of this magnitude would be closer to putting someone is financial or identity information on the internet because of it is potentially far reaching effects.
Consent and Birth Conditions.	apparently, i consented to these conditions by being born.	first off, babies do not pay taxes, so no, you did not consent to them upon birth.
Advancing freedom of decision in diverse societies.	now, according to the advances we have in terms of technology and more scientific fields i think we need to advance a lot in terms of freedom of decision.	different groups of people inhabiting different parts of the world combine into different societies which are sometimes so fundamentally different from what you believe is the  normal  society that you would have trouble even understanding them.
Extended deadline and luck.	why am i lucky that a deadline was extended because of a situation out of my control ?	do not get me wrong, a situation like that is great, but it is not necessarily random.
Tattoos and societal norms.	if you placing tattoos in that area, you are sending a message to society, whether you intend to or not.	just because you are not a social norm, it does not mean you do not respect them.
Freedom of speech and regulations.	i should be able to say what i want.	it is not really as simple as that.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	the same applies for every input and output into our brain, we do not think about running, our subconscious does all the working out foot placement for us.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	women of any size can be active and can eat healthy food.
Personal growth and sexual experiences.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	the only thing there i see that the army did not teach you is taking responsibility for sexual escalation.
Disproving Claims of Nonexistent Creatures.	similarly, if a scientist were to claim that unicorns exist and provided no evidence, the claim would be disregarded.	god is very different than any potential comparison you could make to literally anything in our universe because of the very nature of what we are talking about.
Evolutionary Psychology of Physical Attraction.	beauty signals health, fertility, good genes, intellect, good decision making, and the subjective part of looks probably has something to do with traits that blend well with my own genes.	we have certainly evolved to find certain physical traits attractive because they generally signify health and fertility.
Choosing to Keep or Change Last Name After Marriage	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	imagine if there were no tradition of taking the husband is surname.
Feminism's Impact on Women's Happiness.	the view i would like to be challenged is this: the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	you are attributing causation to something without enough data to support it.
Comparison of drug use and video game playing.	i believe that drug use does not imply anything more negative about a person than playing video games does, cmv.	this is not an ethical point, but it is negative regardless.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	if i get robert downy jr.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	women are allowed to wear these items and go to these places because society agrees that they should be safe and that these items do not give acceptance to rape.
Discussion on discomfort and homophobia in locker rooms.	but having the discomfort should not be viewed as homophobic.	if a gay team member or customer makes actual advances towards someone who does not appreciate this, i will fully support the receiver of this unwanted attention in taking action against it.
Relevance of the effects of slavery and oppression.	i understand that centuries of slavery and oppression have left a palpable effect, but we are decades removed from that.	the criminal justice system is a racist institution, and the war on drugs is a war on black people.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	so what you are saying is that other people are the ones who have to change  learn to respect differences  ? what you are saying is you can say something very ugly and hard on the ears, and people around you are not allowed to dislike it ? if someone does not like a curse word simply because it alludes, in the abstract, to something literal which by their belief system is crude and inappropriate, that is an affront which is, in my view, not genuinely hurtful or harmful.
Security of credit card accounts.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	banks, service companies, and many other places that deal with sensitive information use your ssn as some sort of password to access your account.
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	nobody is going to say  yea, i would not come here if i were you.
Criticism of environmental hypocrisy regarding private jet usage.	there is no hypocrisy, because no one is advocating the ban of private jets.	it is hard to take someone seriously when they are a hypocrite.
Surveillance and Free Speech	years down the road, people expressing negative thoughts about the president will be seen as a  national threat , giving the government legal means to seize them.	if i go on twitter right now i could probably find people making very critical statements of the president right now.
Faith in Competent Leaders and Historical Perspective on Problems.	would not you feel more comfortable putting your faith in the hands of honest, educated, competent people, then a majority that is lacking most of those things ?	are you just watching honey boo boo and think that is what most people are like ? do you know any of the trends going on in birth rates or education levels over the past  years ? if said people existed without power corrupting them that would be nice, but that is almost never worked in history.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	in any case, there are a lot of things that are about politics and power.
The effectiveness of learning in school.	and do not get me wrong, i am not saying that students do not learn anything in school.	you learned more than you can even remember in the first  years of your educational career.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	i believe that expensive engagement rings and elaborate wedding ceremonies are a waste of money and only serve to make women feel spoiled and/or special.	a wedding is not used to validate a marriage for most couples , it is used to celebrate it ! and no, no matter how much i am in love, i will definitely get more joy out of a big wedding than a small one.
The fallacy of sound reasoning in suicide.	in my example, the depressed person is reasoning appears perfectly sound so i do not see why he should not commit suicide.	your choices are basically a life in a perpetually zonked out state, or a life of crippling pain and misery.
Debate on the Death Penalty	the death penalty makes no sense in modern society.	but people who call the death penalty barbaric fail to recognise that man is barbaric.
Higher compensations for police officers.	due to their scarcity, cops will eventually lead to higher compensations to incentivize the fields.	it motivates good people to protect us all, who might have otherwise gone to another job for financial reasons.
Misuse of the term "terrorist" and its consequences.	terrorist implies a simple good vs evil narrative which never applies in the real world.	you ca not argue with the use of that word in that situation.
Basic human needs and Maslow's hierarchy.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	from what i remember of maslow is hierarchy, the basic human needs encompass the support of our biological organism: food, water, air, shelter.
Batman's refusal to kill and his symbol of justice.	throughout the history of batman, the hero has refused to kill the villain and instead has him institutionalized or put in jail, from which the villain the joker, scarecrow, etc.	he is not selling a brand he does not kill because killing is wrong.
Gender pay gap.	i have seen a million studies that show women make less.	this is actually a fallacy.
Criticism of schools as capitalist holding cells.	there may be other dynamics at play, but the  school as capitalist holding cell, but we ca not point that out because people get mad  is at least one dynamic at play.	people do not call schools institutionalized  holding cells  out of political correctness.
Artificial Intelligence and its potential consequences.	when we program increasingly complex algorithms that fight each other to death for profit at astonishing rates millions and millions of transactions per second , we start developing self improving algorithms that prey on the weaknesses of other algorithms, what does that sound like ?	source ?.
Religion as a Scapegoat for Logic and Knowledge.	people try to use their  religion  as a scapegoat for logic, reason, and the pursuit of knowledge; i. e.	in short, religion makes a convenient bad guy because religious people can be obnoxious, they are super easy to identify and the lines between them are very clear.
Winter Olympic sports accessibility.	most of the sports in the winter olympics are not even an option for most people around the world.	hockey, skiing and skating have been around for years.
Criticism of Obama's handling of racial tensions.	i think people are very quick to judge someone is actions, obama is recent criticisms along with the martin, brown, and garner, as specific intentions of race baiting.	he is going to lose power in congress once the republicans take over, he is not running for re election, and he gets paid on a fixed salary.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	because if you are working in construction and fail to adhere to safety protocols, but end up with a nice house, you are going to be fired.
The joy of getting married in a simple way.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	there is also a lot of pressure from family and friends to invite everyone.
Police heroism and community service.	i would like to see more videos of police rescuing children from blazing fires, and helping out the impoverished.	if a cop walks up to me on the street, in an alleged attempt to  be my friend , and starts asking me questions, i am going assume he has some angle he is working and is not just trying to be friendly.
Regretting tattoos from a life-changing retreat.	anyway, my view is simply that tattoos are just not a good idea.	of course, tattoos are more permanent, but there is still a loss for other things, like a car you wo not usually make all your money back.
The risks and roles of joining the US armed forces.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	the vast majority of those who join the military do not serve in the front lines in combat many are in support roles, logistics, etc.
Weddings and gender roles.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	and engagement ring can bring attention to a person and keep unwanted attention at bay.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	these men do not  get over it extremely quickly.
Shaving before anal sex.	anyone who will have sex with a butthole, but is not willing to shave one, is immediately suspect.	what if their unwillingness is coming from your health, safety and comfort ? they may be unwilling because they would rather a professional remove the hair because they are not good at it.
Frequency of Moving Heavy Objects.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	second, when i go do things with a group of people, we usually take multiple cars.
Police shooting of Michael Brown.	michael brown was selected at random by the officer.	implicit racism very likely played a role in that escalation, for sure.
Negative impact of British colonization on India and beyond.	in countries like india, the very form of government, transportation system, schooling system, and many other indirect influence have their roots in british colonization.	but in any case, the genocide and cultural genocide that resulted from colonization along with the decades of resulting instability and warfare far outweighs whatever good the europeans brought it.
Feminism and Equality Advocacy.	i feel like we can all advocate for equality without having to blame a certain group or overgeneralize a whole gender.	this is not a part of feminism.
The effectiveness of fire drills.	after all, experience under non life threatening drill situations hardly emulate life or death situations.	you can put a sign up, that says  fire door keep closed  and tell me one time which door to use in the event of a fire, and i am ok.
Homelessness and American Politics.	just like in the us, warmer places have more homelessness, colder places do not.	if you are poor, i think it is better to live in europe.
NBA's entertainment value vs. offering opportunities for shorter players.	while some, even the majority of, people will always prefer the nbas entertainment value, there is little to be lost by offering the vertically challenged a chance to strut their stuff.	plus, will you get enough kids that even want to participate ? i am not so sure.
Financial stability and selling out.	when you obviously have enough to be financially stable, everything after that is pure greed and no matter how great your work was in the past, the fact that you have lost your values undermines it.	however, here are other definitions i could find.
Distracted driving and car safety warnings.	not being able to hear warnings their car is giving them.	sound is not required to notice emergency vehicles.
Police use of lethal firearms.	first off, why do your day to day patrol officers need lethal firearms ?	if someone is willing to resist arrest, whether or not that person has a gun determines the course of action a police officer should take.
Speeding and Traffic Safety.	if we all obeyed them, traffic would come to a crawl.	if everyone drove at the speed limit there would not be a problem.
Subjectivity in Art and Music Valuation	in the marketplace, art is value tends not to be based on the amount of time taken to create it.	i am a terrible, terrible artist, but i am still creative and i can try as hard as everyone else.
Personal growth and sexual experience.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	be confident   believe in yourself worst, they try to tie it all up into some pseudo sciencey bullshit tied to  evolutionary psychology.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	in my view, our families combined.
Grandfather Paradoxes and Time Travel.	logical grandfather paradoxes were made up for drama and to relate people to the story.	as long as you still go back and tell yourself this, no paradox has been created.
Pronunciation of Latin phrases in English.	us/english pronunciations of latin phrases show the speaker is complete ignorance of how sounds are formed in romance languages.	there are different pronunciations which would not be.
Gay dating apps and promiscuity.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	the reason they were not having sex linked to love is because to do so could be ruinous to their career and to their life in general.
Blackface and its controversy.	when people arent trying to take jobs that could have been filled in by black people and people arent trying to make a caricature out of black peolle then painting thaire face black shouldent be a problem.	like in the netherlands, japan, switzerland where painting the face black is still done.
Opinions on charitable challenges and personal donations.	i feel that these sorts of challenges like ice bucket challenge are the kind of things people would want to do anyway, and raising money is mainly an excuse to do so.	i am confused on this point.
Nazism and its impact on common people.	we don't have to have zero tolerance for nazis, there were a lot of moderate nazis.	there is also a notable lacking of moral teachings in nazism.
Importance of Clear Communication in Homework Instructions.	homework is about communicating that you know the material and can obtain a correct solution to a problem.	how are they supposed to know your struggle ? then you are receiving   and having problems.
Pros and Cons of Having Children.	not having child is objectively a great decision, economically, time wise, etc.	having a kid is not an easy way to  get a high , it is however, extremely rewarding for the amount of effort put in.
Police use of lethal firearms.	first off, why do your day to day patrol officers need lethal firearms ?	URL you cannot split police in armed and unarmed forces, since you do not know how dangerous a person is until you encounter him.
Conditions for Incestuous Relationships	incest, i will admit, would have to have some conditions.	incest is outlawed because of genetic dangers, and child welfare dangers.
NSA's impact on civil liberties and terrorism prevention.	there is certainly risk to civil liberty as in any government enforcement agency.	right now, the nsa is violating our freedom and privacy for very little in return.
Criticism of environmental hypocrisy regarding private jet usage.	there is no hypocrisy, because no one is advocating the ban of private jets.	there is something to be said for setting an example.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	the weekend is good for both things, just because of the amount of time it has.
Debate on the Death Penalty	the death penalty makes no sense in modern society.	of course the difficulty is that many factors affect crime, so it would be hard to directly tie a particular policy to a particular outcome.
Cost-effectiveness of a program.	the cost of instituting the program is greater than the cost of the few people who actually mooch off the system.	if you have a drug addiction problem, then welfare will only enable your habit.
Death and its implications.	in short, choosing death means choosing the easy way out.	death is the embodiment of evil.
Inefficiency of Government Spending and Vouchers.	from the government is perspective, money is also being spent inefficiently.	vouchers and stamps are creating inefficiencies because the government needs to create and monitor the system of stamps and vouchers which will undoubtedly be sold and traded anyway.
Ethics and Accountability of Insurance Companies	how is insurance companies  need to make a profit a defensible claim for higher premium ?	as for driving records, they are indeed used first and foremost to determine the rates you should pay.
Overused tropes in popular culture.	every hackneyed zombie apocalypse fiction includes a pregnant woman and a baby.	a pregnant woman and her eventual offspring are an even long term and wastes of resources, both of whom have a very low chance of being useful in the long run.
Religion and its impact on society.	for me, arguing about religion and whether or not god exists is a huge waste of time.	because religion can effect other people.
Efficiency and Resource Usage Limitations.	in general we are becoming more efficient, and using less resources for the same tasks, as time progresses.	you argue that some new form of computing will be invented, like quantum computing, but even those will start out to be huge and clunky.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	when you find the right person, you will take pleasure in splurging a bit on something special for them.
Informing B about A's Infidelity.	as a continuation, i believe the right thing for c to do is to inform b of a is infidelity regardless.	i do not necessarily think there is a responsibility for c to do so, though.
Misconceptions about bisexuality.	the potential partners i could have would be increased, et cetera.	being bi is a lot like having two closets, your sexuality is constantly erased and dismissed.
Debate on Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	homosexuality exists, and if it does not fit into your concept of how the world is, then your thoughts on evolution must change in light of that fact.
Musical talent comparison between Page and Peart.	no one picks up a guitar and shreds solos like page.	geddy and alex do the media stuff because they are more comfortable with that.
Definition of Altruism	the bigger the sacrifice, the more generous the person.	a good example that comes to mind is heart, liver and lung donation.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	it is inescapable.
Parasites and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	they actually have the same interests the rest of us do.
Barriers to communication for the deaf community.	the use of a sign language is central to deaf cultural identity.	face to face just is not replaceable.
Misunderstanding of Immigration.	some one from another country using mexico as an example from here on out immigrates here one way or another for a better life.	do you have the same problem with all the irish americans who have tattoos of a shamrock or the irish flag ? what about people that put of the confederate flag a country that betrayed and fought a war against america ? because otherwise it seems you are just picking on mexican people.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	that is a partnership.
The value of atheism.	so what is the point of arguing and reading all these books about atheism ?	if your debate is what sparked his research, that is still a win.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	can you agree that typically if you are in an abusive relationship, there is most likely more than one type of abuse going on ? i think that is a pretty obvious situation, so if someone is being  financially abused , then they are also probably being mentally, emotionally and/or physically abused as well.
Controversy over medical care choices.	some people do not get vaccinated and live long healthy lives and some people do and the same thing happens.	there is no amount of facts you can throw at a conspiracy theorist to change their mind.
Grading in Maths and Science.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	the final answer is just as important as the work.
Importance of friendship in romantic relationships.	i also believe couples should also be friends.	you are there when it is good for both of you, and sometimes you are apart to work on separate interests.
Challenges of social mobility in higher education.	as most universities give huge financial aid scholarships, poor kids who are able study hard and succeed in school have amazing opportunities in tertiary education.	yes, there are poor students who get into harvard, but the fact that it happens on occasion does not actually mean that any poor kid able to study hard and succeed in school will have  amazing  opportunities.
Views on the sustainability of relationships and their endings.	there is no way a relationship between two people can last and the people in that relationship actually remain happy and content with the relationship and each other.	we can learn and grow from all these experiences.
Dislike towards people who are pro-violence.	indeed, anybody who is  pro violence  i automatically dislike.	i argue that this kind of behavior is one of the fundamental reasons why people fail to reach understandings with each other and, by extension, one of the reasons why so many problems we face today, that could otherwise easily be resolved, still exist.
Obesity and Legislative Impact on Healthy Alternatives.	point being, obesity only runs rampant in the united states because legislature is not there to deflate the cost of healthy alternatives.	it does not differentiate between small build versus stocky.
Dangers of religion and ideology.	religion and ideology can cause normal people to do horrible things.	these things give justification to extreme acts.
European Court's approach to online content regulation.	the european court should be targeting the websites and admins to remove the content, and stop pestering the search engines for doing their job.	it is also practically impossible to remove content from the internet, especially when not everything is on the internet.
Voting and Political Thinking	i want to vote for someone who i would actually want to hold that office.	it is about the lot of us, millions of individuals, coming together to find common ground, and to work on the things the majority of us can get behind.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	it is an option if you are in desolate north dakota when nothing else exists.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	firstly, this is a choice that you get to make.
Taboos on certain tattoo types.	tattoos are not just for gang members and social outcasts.	there are a lot of people who are uncomfortable seeing tattoos, they can be downright intimidating.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	i was under the assumption that being able to see other frequencies of light is basically seeing an entirely new reality nope, same reality, just under a different lens.
Availability of PDF editing apps on tablets.	ipad and android tablets and i assume whatever the heck microsoft is is have very solid apps for editing pdfs.	you can interact with each page.
Funding public education and health care systems.	most of the resources obtained by the redirected inheritances could fund very strong public education and health care systems giving everyone a fair start in life.	the easy way around this is to set up a trust or corporation where the money and assets are owned by a legal entity.
Comparison of rap lyrics to other genres.	there are plenty of examples given from rappers who are very conscious and clever, but even those hardly ever say anything i feel holds a candle to good lyrics from other genres.	wordy is not always better, but having the option to use more words, increases the potential of a rapper to come up with some really awesome lyrics.
Nature of human rights and moral constructs.	i believe all rights given to any human are social constructs, produced by society from moral structures determined by a multitude of factors.	the previously mentioned philosopher primarily tried to ground these rights as being god given.
Banning hate speech subreddits on the internet.	i also believe that the admins should ban subreddits that are based on hate speech, such as /r/whiterights /r/greatapes.	reddit is run on pure logic and ignores morals.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	one of the most fascinating things about peanuts is actually the way that schulz is art evolves over the course of the strip.
Existence of a Creator.	how do we know that beyond what we know, there is not a creator ?	from the atheist position, there is not enough evidence for a creator.
Violence and Self-Defense.	but once violence happens, walking away simply is not an option anymore.	they could have chosen not to be there in the first place.
Skepticism about common ancestry and evolution.	i do not believe; however, that humans are direct descendents of any species, and i do not believe that birds and dogs for example had any common ancestor.	again, what sort of information have you look at and why is it not compelling ? would you be willing to consider the bird dinosaur pre dinosaur related terapod reptile like mammal mammal wolf dog scenario if you were shown how those processes took place ?.
The Dark Side of Black Culture and Racism.	c more and more people are acting blacker.	and slurring their words ? i do not think anyone talks like that.
Questioning personal choices and safety.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	and i know her hangouts, these are not the places you would want to be seen come daylight.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	the only upside to reading on a tablet is if it did not have the backlight which strains your eyes regardless of weather it is a tablet or a laptop.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	you are lumping everything together.
Limitations of the current education system.	so, a society has more to gain by exploiting their potential than that of the average student.	i believe you are looking at intellect, potential, and education very much within a small confined box that is the current terrible schema used in education around the world.
Racial disparities in the criminal justice system.	straight up, vocal, racists are in the minority now.	you have got a disproportionate number of these minorities in poverty because of past oppression, they are disenfranchised, and they are getting killed disproportionately.
Superficiality and limited inventory of electronics stores.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	going to your local electronics store and having to settle for the best of their limited inventory is not something i desire either.
Dieting and Burning Calories.	that would take hours to burn off, even with incredibly strenuous exercise and might lead you to give up on your diet for that day.	on the other hand, say, for example, you are dieting at maybe  kcal a day or something: you could just skip dinner the next day.
Stress and fear of failure in academics.	the thought of a bad grade on homework which should be helping us learn is just stress that we might fail and be punished for life because of it.	in the real world, your work is defined by the final product and not the steps in between.
The ethics of piracy and its impact on producers.	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	all it does is provide you with free software.
Survival ethics in times of scarcity.	if a harvest was projected to be lean, infants would be regularly left to die so that their small villages would have enough food to go around.	so you are basing this off of fiction ? theft, murder, cannibalism, out the window, and often extremely unsavory but pragmatic decisions are made and lauded for being the good of the group.
Opinion on banning pet cats.	The federal government should ban pet cats. basically my view is rather simple i hate cats.	secondly, there already are restrictions in many places.
Sleeping arrangements after a fight in a heterosexual couple.	let is assume a heterosexual couple gets into a fight because of a mistake the husband made.	i believe that both members have the right to sleep in their bed.
Government spending on war versus domestic needs.	usa spends huge money on war and donates to countries.	if there is a war and we are at total spending we will have to cut these programs.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	some people worship gods.
Depression and its impact on others.	how rude for my depression to inconvenience the people around me.	be selfish like that.
Debate on traditional family structure and alternative family arrangements.	the only valid statistical studies we have have shown that a biological mother and father to be the best, on average, for children.	so why do not we just include polygamists and same sex throuples get marred too ? should vasectomies be illegal for a married couple ? what message is that ? so being a single mother/father should be illegal too right ? also, what about children in orphanages ? would not they be better off being in a loving same sex home as opposed to an orphanage or foster home ?.
Racial disparities in the criminal justice system.	straight up, vocal, racists are in the minority now.	how ? how are we decades removed ? our prison population is massively disproportionately black URL most of the time getting sentences that whites are getting off of, and most of that for possession of drugs.
Laughing at disabilities and personality traits.	i am not offended or anything, but there is just something in me that says  laughing at autistic people is wrong .	why should  autism  be a special condition that makes things not funny ?.
Barriers to communication for the deaf community.	the use of a sign language is central to deaf cultural identity.	most hearing people feel that i am very blunt, that i am a no nonsense person.
Quality of life versus quantity of life.	but i would personally choose a happier, shorter life over a less happy, longer life.	would not losing more than half your children before they reach adulthood make you unhappy ? what about your wife dying in childbirth ? a very common way to die in hunter/gather society.
Benefits of Appointing Active Bystanders in Schools	active bystanders also remove much of the burden from the school.	by calling the victim a  bully , and getting the school to punish her, the bully just has one more means with which to hurt her victim.
The negative effects of video games on social life.	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	progression with teamwork in the online world is very emotionally engaging and truly does strengthen bonds between teammates similar to that of sports.
The limitations of ethical consumerism in addressing climate change.	whether or not florida is sunk by rising sea levels is not a triviality that should be left to making sure you buy the right soy sauce.	what you can do is spend your money on companies that do things right, to make them successful, and to drive the unethical companies out of the market, out of business.
Handling emotional outbursts during a discussion.	the minute someone starts stomping their feet, uncontrollably swearing, crying, running away, or whatever no matter who is right and who is wrong the other is expected to drop their claim.	it if makes you feel so guilty that you ca not continue the conversation later , then that is your own problem.
Advantages of digital clocks over traditional clocks.	but those clocks have been in a decline for a long time now.	there is yet to be a digital clock face that is as clear to read as a bauhaus analog.
The dangers of indoor smoking.	once dissipated, the concentration of toxins is negligible.	i swear they spend hours everyday smoking and if it is hot, the wind is blowing my way and i have my windows open i get treated to their stench every time i pass a window.
Misuse of the term "terrorist" and its consequences.	terrorist implies a simple good vs evil narrative which never applies in the real world.	distrust without context is as shortsighted as the misuse of the word terrorist.
Comparison of wind, solar, and nuclear power.	wind and solar power are great but nuclear power is more reliable and produces far more power.	there is also the question of nuclear waste and what to do with it, unlike with other power generation methods.
The role of sociopaths in society and leadership.	in order to minimize people is personal moral codes getting in the way of a powerful, efficient society, sociopaths and other people with little to no morals should be encourages to attain positions of power.	in the mean time, their complete lack of moral sense means they think nothing of antagonizing and belittling people who might otherwise be of great value to them.
Budget allocation for NASA and social benefits.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	if you give food, health care, and water to corrupt nations; they will be wasted.
US military failure in Iraq.	in other words, the united states just lost a war.	the united states spent  years fighting fundamentalist muslims in iraq after /, but then we gave up and left and the enemy we sought to eliminate is more powerful than when we arrived and running half the country.
Tattoos and societal norms.	if you placing tattoos in that area, you are sending a message to society, whether you intend to or not.	i had an ex boyfriend who was a tattoo artist, he traveled the world and had many tattoo artists do work on him.
Job market and wages in China.	the competition is extremely high for all kinds of jobs hence why salaries are pressed down, especially for entry level positions.	it also an financial bubble which raises the prices.
Racism and Slavery in America.	you are still called by your slave masters  names.	the white people of america do not just sit around thinking that by you having a  slave name  we have achieved our own petty little victory.
Recognition for sobriety versus problem-solving accomplishments.	some people stay sober their entire lives, and are never given accolades or congratulations.	you have defined a  baseline  of praiseworthiness that does not include drug addiction.
Economic Benefits of Increasing Population.	explain to me why the average person benefits from an increasing population like many economists say ?	an increasing population will increase a country is gdp and spur economic growth, but it wo not increase the average person is income.
Sleeping arrangements after a fight in a heterosexual couple.	let is assume a heterosexual couple gets into a fight because of a mistake the husband made.	if one person wants to sulk, then it is their responsibility to leave the bedroom.
Improving Public Education through Teacher Wages	some people are skeptical that increasing funding for our public education systems will change the results, but i think that simply increasing the wage of teachers could significantly increase the quality of teachers.	we need sexy and showy space projects to get kids to care about science and education again.
Consent and Birth Conditions.	apparently, i consented to these conditions by being born.	but disagreeing with other ways in which taxes are allotted does not make the system, in its entirety,  theft.
Impact of BitTorrent on music and media industries.	distributed networks are harder to do in every regard.	the music industry is really all but overthrown.
Consumer behavior towards movie theaters and home theaters.	second, and more importantly, as consumer behaviors change to favor streaming in home theaters as opposed to going to movie theaters and building home libraries stubbornly limiting your best content to only the old distribution channels has never kept consumers from adopting new behaviors.	box office numbers prove otherwise on any sort of limitation.
Feminism and Equality.	the goal of feminism is, or at least should be, equality.	like above, if i volunteered at a breast cancer charity, it does not mean i do not give a shit about other health issues, i just am choosing where to spend most of my focus.
Labeling Feminism as Egalitarianism	why not label yourselves as something like egalitarian ?	there are a lot of issues mostly specific to women.
Monogamy and ethical considerations in relationships.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	also, you are potentially exposing your partner to sexually transmitted diseases.
Benefits and goals of weightlifting.	i do not see a benefit in being able to lift more weight than my hands will support.	weightlifting gloves allows them to focus more on their larger muscles, and not on their hands and wrists giving out.
Polyamory and selective love.	love is not something you can throw around nilly willy.	or, they are committed to more than one person, and it is monogamous people who are avoiding commitment ! no, you know what is selfish ? telling your partner that they are never allowed to have sex with anyone else because you want them all to yourself.
Driving safety and emergency vehicle awareness.	not being able to hear emergency vehicles coming.	we should just outlaw taking your hands off the wheel.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	an objective test of fitness for a job depends upon that job having a strict remit.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	the rich also need an infrastructure to maintain the efficient flow of goods from which they derive their wealth, and most importantly, they need everyone poorer than them to works the jobs that maintain there lifestyle.
Canadian soldiers and public reaction to their deaths.	canadian soldiers recently killed are receiving an undue amount of compassion and attention.	cirillo, we are also being thankful that the other brave soldiers on parliament hill protected the people who run our country.
Belief in intelligent being vs matter with no beginning/end.	either you believe in an intelligent being who has no beginning and no end, or you believe in matter that has no beginning and no end.	fair enough, but that still does not mean id and bb are not very different.
The importance of emotional connection in sexual relationships.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	alcohol consumption and driving a car are more likely to cause you serious harm than having sex with a stranger.
Gender representation in politics.	is less women in politics even an issue ?	but we have to fight that by showing that we can do the job.
Animal overpopulation and euthanasia.	poverty, hunger, and starvation are not problems reserved strictly for third world countries.	meanwhile, almost  million cats and dogs are put down each year due to over population.
Content distribution and fees for traffic load.	traffic heavy content distributors pay a fee because that is how infrastructure and traffic load work, and if you do not pay, the law kicks in with penalties .	the bottleneck is not that content distributors are not being efficient they already have every reason to be efficient.
Sexism in video games.	if its actually a problem i want to see the statiscs, the science, etc that allows me to concede that video games need to change.	not every woman needs to be interesting, but there is definitely a disparity there.
Birth control as medicine for women's health.	and the reason is simple: birth control is not medicine.	most of the women i know who take birth control take it for medical reasons they have an irregular cycle, to reduce how much blood is loss, to reduce pain, etc.
Making informed decisions versus immediate decisions.	others have the incentive of going with immediate decisions without making an informed choice, which i would reason, ends up in regret.	because time is a resource that is only lost.
The effectiveness of fire drills.	after all, experience under non life threatening drill situations hardly emulate life or death situations.	or, in some cases, to satisfy government mandated safety requirements.
Barriers to communication for the deaf community.	the use of a sign language is central to deaf cultural identity.	URL take that away, how would we be able to talk and learn at a normal pace ? ah, and one tiny more thing to add to that, what cochlear implants sounds like: URL i am told by cochlear implanted people that music just is not enjoyable to them.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	meanwhile, a country like china with its advantages and setbacks , has a country wide high speed rail network and is one of the biggest investors in renewable energy.
Disabling Ads and Payment Methods.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	acceptable ads are transparent with us about being an ad.
Canadian soldiers and public reaction to their deaths.	canadian soldiers recently killed are receiving an undue amount of compassion and attention.	it is scary for the country, so not only are we mourning the death of cpl.
Sexual desire and gender differences.	but, in general i believe that men at large are more desiring of sex.	there is a complication however, in us culture and probably western european culture sex is a matter that is more complex for women.
Wealth and happiness	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	like relationships, friendships, morals, ethics, your youth.
Disagreeing and downvoting on online platforms.	i have downvoted someone i have disagreed with.	downvoting on it is own is not gaming the system.
Responsibility for deaths in Gaza bombing campaign.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	are you suggesting israel is not at all culpable for any deaths in the gaza bombing campaign ? the person firing the shot has some role to play in the death they cause after all.
Dishonesty in Fashion.	i still feel at some level that i and everybody else is cheating themselves and everybody else by dressing a certain way.	it seems to me like you are saying that no matter how people dress, they are going to display some false image of themselves.
The ethics of suicide and societal intervention.	if you have committed no crimes against someone else, nor infringed upon their rights, society has no right to stop you from taking your own life if that is what you so choose.	besides in a way every citizen owes society because with society they would not have anything that they have.
Inherent cognitive biases and misinterpretation of data.	i cannot be sure that i am not inherently designed in a way that forces me to believe falsehoods and misinterpret experiential data.	you might be able to explain the concepts light, waves behind them but you will not be able to explain the thing itself.
Monetary value vs. Utility in Economics	monetary value is a reasonable estimate of benefit/cost, as everything has a monetary value.	economists use the term  utility  to express this concept, rather than  monetary value.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	would it be better to have a majority population of smart people, or some geniuses surrounded by dimwits ? or maybe sports works better as an analogy: we pick teams of ; you pick the first  rounds then i pick  rounds then you get what is left over.
Linking Women's Rights and Gay Rights	the reason i see women is rights and gay rights as linked is because both issues are important now and have been for some time and because on some level i believe the teachings of the bible are against both, based on the above passages.	but they are not linked at all.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	more realistically, there are asteroids in our solar system filled with rare and precious materials.
Ethics of Personal Lifestyle Choices.	to me you can make your own choices as far as your lifestyle.	my argument is that you become unethical when you start to effect the health and lives of others in your behavior i think we should be careful about this ethical maxim.
Kant's Categorical Imperative and Atomicity in Actions.	but none of the maxims address the atomicity of the action why must not apply the categorical imperative to the action of telling a murderer where the children are ?	consequentialism,  qua  moral compass, judges the praise or blameworthyness of an action based solely on the net positive or negative impacts it has would have, would be reasonably expected to have, would generally have and so on on other moral agents, in the future.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	my impression is that he was trying to arrest garner, not kill him, and did a really bad job of it.
Benefits and drawbacks of taking time to make decisions.	when making a decision, taking long amounts of time to analyse and consider one is options is more beneficial than making a decision that is regretful.	in which case taking long amounts of time is going to result in a failure to act.
Criticism of LGBTQ+ movement's focus on semantics.	because in my most humble opinion, the movement is running itself into the ground with semantics.	if anything, the movement is gaining steam as more and more people come around to it.
Rules against stereotyping and attacking groups based on beliefs.	rules against attacking groups defined by belief.	there are however, groups of people who adhere to belief systems and act as a result of them.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	if you had no idea about reddit or internet culture, seeing a random meme would might make no sense to you.
Oppression and Privilege.	i am a heterosexual white male, which according to some, makes me incapable of being oppressed.	so basically,   i am saying, stop focusing on blaming and labeling, and be humble in asking how we all interact to create patterns of unequal power in society.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	the objection is that your personal time and money should not be required for someone else to exercise their right.
Escalator etiquette and passing direction.	i said the  passing side of the escalator  because i suppose in some countries people may pass on the right.	unlike roads where we move ourselves, escalators do the moving for us.
The importance of storing all information by search engines.	thirdly, all information no matter how irrelevant or relevant should be stored by search engines.	the difference is that these sorts of personal photo albums were, perhaps stupidly, uploaded online for this generation, without full understanding of the implications of doing so.
Monogamy and Sexual Attraction.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	why is that thought/act something to be considered disrespectful ? it is just sex.
***Topic: The Need for Big Scale Economic and Global Policy	big scale economic and global policy is needed, because the problem is trillions of times bigger than one guy and his yacht.	and yet combined if we all make the same changes we can have a large global effect.
The aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	sure, they can hold serious symbolic meaning or importance to people, but a lot of the time, these meanings will fade away with time.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	annoying, stinging, burning, aching, wrenching, stabbing, blinding.
Media portrayal of criminals vs average citizens during difficult times.	but why are the cases that are most blasted over the media only focused on thugs ?	would this change your mind about the injustice ? or should people feel free to defend their homes and maybe act like a little bit of a jerk in public without the risk of being thrown in a dungeon or shot in cold blood in the street ?.
Challenges faced by third party candidates in elections.	as every vote for a third party makes the party the voter dislikes the most more likely to win due to the spoiler effect.	that may or may not be true, but saying it virtually guarantees a loss because it signals weakness.
Batman's Mass Assault on Bane and the Consequences	in dkr batman organizes a mass assault on bane, knowing the police are using guns, and bane is troops are using guns, which leads to a lot of deaths.	the no kill rule is simply to hold himself back in the absence of public accountability, legal restrictions, or responsible partners robin is a kid.
The benefits and drawbacks of giving up freedom.	what the heck is so great about giving up so much of your freedom and taking on unimaginable responsibilities ?	i had no goals at all because for what ? for my own self ? i am not important enough.
Consent and Birth Conditions.	apparently, i consented to these conditions by being born.	just because you do not like it does not meant it is akin to an illegal practice which is your essential claim.
Cats' behavior towards humans.	cats feel no empathy, remorse or respect towards humans.	we let her go outside all she wanted, we free fed her so she didnt have to beg for food, and yet every single day when i got home from school, she would be in the window sill waiting for me.
Limitations of human perception and reliance on science.	the truth is, our perception of our environment is very limited.	is closer to reality  is a nebulous phrase.
Politics and Governance.	in toronto last year, the mayor rob ford admitted to using crack cocaine while in office, spurring a backlash from the public.	so because a law was written, people just stepped down and simply remained angry but quiet.
City's policy on transportation balance.	the other argument is that the city is gouging drivers.	but as long as you live in modern society and enjoy grocery stores, hospitals, schools, shopping centers, and firemen, you must accept the necessity of the motor vehicle.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	being barred from office for being black, for instance, carries the inference that you are the property of the state and not the other way round   fit to be governed but not to govern.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	many of them are just as social as the average non gamer, and i would be willing to bet that many kids brought up playing sports can be just as anti social as you believe gamers to be.
Democratic control in workplace and accountability of leaders.	rather than having a boss in charge who dictates everything, the workers would exert democratic control over the direction of the company.	anyone who works for him, does it through their own free will.
The effectiveness of tariffs in reducing importation.	i think other methods of reducing importation would either create a black market or be horribly inefficient.	i am just going to get this out of the way early: tariffs are pretty massively inefficient.
Comparison of gymnastics and rock climbing.	yet gymnastics asks one to maneuver their bodies into shapes that the human figure is not meant to form.	climbing hard stuff expects you to hold your entire bodyweight off of a couple of fingertips.
Societal expectations and objectification of women's bodies.	on a certain level, is not everyone selling their body ?	compared to men.
Religious freedom and conformity.	there is not freedom to practice religious beliefs if you are required to adhere to any of the religious beliefs or rules of other religions.	no, it does not.
Complexity of the American Legal System	i am not a fan of extreme simplification, but i think the american legal system has gotten out of hand in complexity.	seems straightforward, and anyone can understand it.
Spanking and Understanding Consequences in Young Children.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	and toddlers are very impressionable.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	you have a profile that you can fill out and people who actually care about meeting that special someone, tend to actually put effort into these.
Leadership and Sociopathy.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	this in general is something sociopaths tend to be extremely bad at doing, and lacking foresight is not a trait you want in any national leader.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	your dad, uncle, and aunt are dead, your cousin is bleeding out, and your mom has her legs blown off.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	i am gonna go over the two charges that could be applicable, second degree murder, and second degree manslaughter.
Efficiency of government vs private sector and privatization.	there is not a single example of a government organization working with greater efficiency than a corporate or private sector competitor.	naturally, only profitable enterprises are possible to privatize.
Police heroism and community service.	i would like to see more videos of police rescuing children from blazing fires, and helping out the impoverished.	those videos are not as prevalent as videos of police being abusive because cops are abusive a lot more than they rescue children or help the poor.
Losing weight and its benefits.	so until employers or the government start allowing exercise during work hours and provide healthy food at all times, what reason do i have to lose weight ?	your general health and reducing costs of medical expenses in the future ?  pounds overweight is  a lot.
The limitations of God's abilities and the perspective of organisms.	god is supposedly all knowing, all present, and all powerful yet there are no organisms on earth that display physiological capacities to do the things that god can do.	the fish says to another fish, whom is suddenly capable of speech underwater, surely no one could calculate the speed and size of the light dot.
The Selectivity of Love	love is not something you can throw around nilly willy.	this is completely ridiculous, and is a false dichotomy.
Value of pennies as collectibles.	additionally, pennies in general have very little buying power.	what if it is a rare or collectible penny ? not all pennies are worth one cent.
Justification for a preemptive strike.	the attacker could just be waiting to recoup and attack again, especially as vengeance for being bested.	assailant and victim are evenly matched: the victim has no right to use such a disproportionate level of force when they clearly have already won the fight and have an opportunity to retreat.
The use of grades as a measure of personality factors.	i understand that grades also can be used to measure certain personality factors conscientiousness, ability to follow instruction, adherence to procedural norms which all debatable might be as important as understanding the material.	assignments, homework questions and other bits of internal assessment provide that short term feedback that is so crucial to efficient learning throughout the course.
Acceptance of Previously Criticized Groups	there are a lot of movements for accepting previously criticized groups such as fat acceptance, nerd acceptance, .  you get the idea.	key word: previously how do you think people like women, gays, blacks, indigenous peoples, etc.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	it can handle it.
Sociopaths and Moral Quandaries	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	they may be able to ignore moral/ethical quandaries this is a good thing ? but i serious doubt they would be someone that would know what is best for a country.
Fear of the Unknown in Natural Selection.	since natural selection shows us that the strong survive, at some point the human, or protohuman, brain tells humans that anything different is dangerous.	the feeling of curiousity is evoked around new people.
Social contract and punishment for breaking it.	i believe that everyone of us that lives in a society has tacitly agreed to a social contract and to abide by the society is laws.	i do not believe a guard or inmate should die to protect a dangerous inmate from the mental stress of solitary.
The role of sociopaths in society and leadership.	in order to minimize people is personal moral codes getting in the way of a powerful, efficient society, sociopaths and other people with little to no morals should be encourages to attain positions of power.	they will grind the country they lead into the ground in pursuit of that goal, and whether it is good for  the country  is not something they are a very good judge of, in general.
Gun control in the USA.	maybe there is a deterrence factor, but are not all these recent police shootings evidence that deterrence often fails with tragic results ?	no, it is the result of civilians being, on average, very dangerous, because any of them could carry the ability to kill someone in their belt.
Upgrading furniture.	we should view upgrades to our couches the same way we see remodeling a kitchen.	the fridge in the new house was old and barely working.
Marriage as a Necessity.	i do not think marriage is needed to have sex, prove your love or even have kids.	and really that is all the state does is recognize legally marriages that already exist or are about to exist.
Advantages of using vans for moving compared to pickup trucks.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	first off, having the bed designed to be weather exposed can be a huge benefit.
Men's perspective on discussing feminism and equality.	one of my frustrations when trying to discuss feminism or equality is that as a man i feel my ideas or opinions are largely ignored or attacked by women.	i often get a  your a guy so you would not understand.
Challenges with societal gender norms and definitions.	the problem lies not within people  being born in the wrong skin , but within society is narrow definitions of men and women and of masculinity and femininity.	if your argument is something like  only women have xx chromosomes !  , that demonstrates why sex isnt  that useful of a concept on a  social  level.
Freedom of religion and speech.	freedom of religion is freedom from religion.	and you are not being forced to do so; you are being  forced , if that is the right word, to live with others practicing their religions.
Overused tropes in popular culture.	every hackneyed zombie apocalypse fiction includes a pregnant woman and a baby.	a child is dead weight nor just temporarily, but for years if not decades i ca not help but think of all of the  kennies  in the japanese gamera films.
Sexism in video games.	if its actually a problem i want to see the statiscs, the science, etc that allows me to concede that video games need to change.	i am a game player and a game programmer, so i care about making games better.
Lack of familiarity and mutual knowledge.	you do not know them, their life, their family, their children.	does not matter.
Economics and Leftism.	leftist culture demonizes capitalism, which is the mechanism by which one attains material security in our society.	as for my second counterpoint, i will challenge the assumptions about political leanings on capitalism.
The effectiveness of fire drills.	after all, experience under non life threatening drill situations hardly emulate life or death situations.	it is not hard to imagine a child running the wrong direction out of a school when the alarm goes off, and hiding somewhere scared alone.
Vegetarianism and Animal Rights	the way we treat all animals are simply ignored by vegetarians.	this is because animals generally have no rights.
Restrictions on Cash Assistance for Poor Families	the restriction on buying only food is paternalistic, and reduces the range of options available to poor families.	what other things do you think they would cover with the cash ? housing, school, preschool, and health insurance ? those things are already covered by other aid programs.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	you also need a long gun to use it, and your average patrol cop usually does not carry one within arms reach at all times.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	possibly some of it is out of naivety, but any owner of a hangout is also going to do their best to make it seem that way.
Marijuana use as a moral turpitude offense.	the several times he has used drugs marijuana counts as a multiple moral turpitude offense, which generally is considered against standards of  contrary to community standards of justice, honesty or good morals.	and a couple tokes of grass is not going to change or stop that in any way.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	you say that your average thug is not as good a shot as a police officer.
The War on Christmas and Religious Inclusivity.	the real goal of the  war on christmas  is to claim ownership of the end of the year, and pressure others to only acknowledge the christian holiday and exclude all others.	the  war on christmas  is both a war against christmas and a war against all other holidays of the time period.
Heelies vs Bicycles on Roads	i want to ride my heelies here so i am entitled.	education is key.
Military Medical School vs. Civilian Path with Loans	my plan was to graduate college and join the ushs the military medical school and become and army doctor. i am also poor and medical school in the military from what i understand pays for smart kids.	banks have zero problem giving out loans to medical students.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	i also recognize that ethics and personal values are highly subjective.	killing them off does not damage anything worth saving, as you have stated.
Plurals and language rules.	second, a lot of those words do not actually end in   i  in their original languages.	you do not need to know why a word has a certain form in order to use it.
The value of art in society.	agriculture, technology, and medicine rely on scientist, what has music contributed ?	can you explain why you feel that way ? i ca not speak for everyone in the world who would agree that art in general is valuable in some way, but i personally value it because it makes me feel good.
Misinformation about suicide.	these kinds of posts are easy to fake for attention.	what benefit do you see in banning suicide content ?.
Social anxiety and difficulty with romantic relationships.	i had no courage to even talk to a girl i had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.	it seems glamorous when your younger, but man.
Religious freedom and conformity.	there is not freedom to practice religious beliefs if you are required to adhere to any of the religious beliefs or rules of other religions.	it just  forces  again, i think, too strong of a word to observe others adhering to their religion.
STI testing and Planned Parenthood's goals.	for society as a whole, people would be benefited by frequent and free sti tests.	if you wo not pay for it, then you are not all that interested in the test.
The morality of sacrifice and human flaws.	the proported act of sacrifice is morally wrong   no sacrifice to a deity could be considered moral in any circumstance.	i do not know what thought process leads you to believe it, or why you would think that what amounts to self sacrifice for the sake of humanity is immoral.
Misogyny in the gaming community.	with all the quinnspiracy and gamergate bullshit going on, i have come to the conclusion that gaming community of reddit is full of misogynistic neckbeards who are unable to take any critique.	most of the verbal attacks on those individuals are attacks on specific women, but are not in themselves a sign of misogyny.
The value of a high school diploma.	my view is that the purpose of a diploma is to prove you are able to function in a civilized society.	someone who is as limited as you are referring to is not going to have an advantage when it comes to flipping burgers when compared to a dropout because one of them has a fancy piece of paper; the jobs that would consider the former would consider  both,  based wholly on their ability   willingness to do what is asked of them.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	essentially, society acts to minimise those bad feelings, allowing the man to move on quickly.
Role and Goals of HOAs.	one of the main goals of an hoa are to help maintain or even increase the value of the homes in the neighborhood by preventing people from doing things that would lower property values.	property values rise based on a large geographical area which is largely not determined by the hoa.
Criticism of Obama's handling of racial tensions.	i think people are very quick to judge someone is actions, obama is recent criticisms along with the martin, brown, and garner, as specific intentions of race baiting.	what makes this a race baiting situation is that he is using  us vs them  rhetoric to polarize.
Energy production and storage.	we need to continue our work on energy storage, production, and delivery first.	but what about the ramifications to the u.
The decline of language expression in society.	people have no need to express themselves anymore.	it is an abolishment to the art that we call language.
The difficulty of impressing audiences in entertainment industry.	we can no longer shock, horrify, scare, or blow the minds off of audiences any more.	so we will probably never have another ed sullivan moment in the exact same way but it will still happen.
Challenges of mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.	why are we trying to push btc mainstream ?	you can also show that bitcoin is trending down at the moment.
Capital punishment and ethical concerns.	imagine if someone came into your life, took away someone you held near and dear, causing suffering to you and everyone who knew them.	you want to torture people who have committed heinous crimes, the only problem is   cmv: we should bring back the electric chair with this logic, you are asking the state to have the power to do that.
The effectiveness of fire drills.	after all, experience under non life threatening drill situations hardly emulate life or death situations.	if a fire occurs in a building i am in, i have a good idea of the steps i would need to take to make sure people do not think i am dying inside.
Misuse of the term "terrorist" and its consequences.	terrorist implies a simple good vs evil narrative which never applies in the real world.	bush/cheney/powell/rice calling saddam hussein a terrorism sponsor was propaganda.
Cultural exchange and understanding.	lets start educating each other about our different viewpoints and cultures.	yes, in the same way that  the war on crime  or  the war on poverty  will never be  won.
Spanking as a consequence for young children's actions.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	if you spank a baby for picking up something dangerous off of the floor, then the baby may associate picking things up with punishment.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	it is not like their customers can go elsewhere.
Criticism of women in gaming.	next, people say anita is not a  real  gamer.	first of all there is no such thing as a  real  gamer, there is no paperwork you have to fill out to become one, and second of all fuck you for saying that matters, i have never once heard that criticism leveled against a man.
Critique of Capitalism and its Alternatives.	the exploitation of the working class, the environment, and the like, in the pursuit of profit, then, is an assault against all of humanity.	whatever the intentions or theories of revolutionary socialism it did not work in real life.
Proposal to exclude non-contributors from society.	how about we reject the poor and people that do not contribute to society out of that society.	society is a network so if one does not contribute, one should not gain from the benefits.
Limitations of investing time in social and technological movements.	so, in choosing between investing one is time in creating a potentially revolutionary social and technological movement vs.	but the chances of that happening are almost non existent she is already married and is probably not interested in random creepy internet fans.
The unrealistic idea of living the "good life".	the good life is that im going to do all these drugs, blow my money, travel, have sex, get to know as many people as possible and die when i die.	i think it is a romantic notion, but it is fiction.
Moving large objects or heavy lifting.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	not many vans are suitable for driving on rough terrain, pulling large loads, and so on.
Accessibility to basic human needs.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	who should set what standard this education should be provided up to ? should everyone have a basic  years of education ?  years ?  years ? what about healthcare ? can we afford to give everyone the best possible treatment ? of course not ! if in a theoretical situation, if a person is life could be saved for $ trillion worth of money, most people would say  no way !   however, if a person is life could be saved for $,  of people would say  of course ! save that person !   the bad thing about this, is that there would have to be somewhere in between, a limit on how much a person is life is worth.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	an effective government is necessary to the interests of all parties who participate and is the last thing republicans or the rich want to dismantle.
Personal finance and household budgeting.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	more to the point though, financial control can be a form of emotional abuse.
"Piracy in the Music Industry"	the music industry has brought piracy on itself.	even free things are seeded and will continue to be.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	this is where you are wrong.
Religion in Politics and State Institutions.	religion in politics is, in many cases, harmful and oppressive, such as banning gay marriage or banning abortion, using religion as a justification.	where do you think people get the idea that they are justified in doing those oppressive things ? they reference god on money, in the pledge, and on government buildings as proof that  this is a christian nation  and we ought to follow christian values.
Plurals and language rules.	second, a lot of those words do not actually end in   i  in their original languages.	and making this change would be unnecessary and confusing to people who have learned the language.
Debate on the feasibility of ancap utopia.	the only difference between the ancap utopia and our own world is that, in the ancap society, everyone nearly homogeneously believes in ancap principles, asides from a few troublemakers.	you already admitted that todays world is an ancap world, so we do not  all  need to believe in ancap principles to have the existence of an ancap world.
Misrepresentation of Feminism on Social Media	the behavior of some supposed feminists, however, often in online formats such as twitter, is antithetical to feminisms goals, is awful pr, and is simply not okay.	the same is true for feminism.
Efficiency and Resource Usage Limitations.	in general we are becoming more efficient, and using less resources for the same tasks, as time progresses.	you can already see a bit of this happening now with smartphones that have dual core or quad core processors.
Handling emotional outbursts during a discussion.	the minute someone starts stomping their feet, uncontrollably swearing, crying, running away, or whatever no matter who is right and who is wrong the other is expected to drop their claim.	when someone is overwhelmed with various emotions and thoughts, their body may respond with tears, uncontrolled by the person in question.
Benefits and drawbacks of reality TV and Gordon Ramsay's behavior.	reality tv is also a great source of knowledge on different cultures and societies that a regular person might have not got the chance to stumble across.	if someone engages day to day live with the level of arrogance and judgmentalism displayed by gordon ramsay, they are not going to be very successful.
Criticism of feminism's impact on women's wellbeing.	the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	the total economic wellbeing of households in the united states has been fairly stagnant.
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	here is where the issue comes in.
Personal definition of success and self-reliance.	my idea of success is having a roof over my head, a steady supply of food, one used car, and a way to obtain the small salary, and also to have remaining spending money to entertain myself.	quality of life and job satisfaction are not just words attached to high income, they actually exist.
Problems with BYOD in schools and benefits of school-owned technology.	there are many other problems that byod could cause, such as cheating, distractions, resistance from those who hate change, spying, and overall forcing students to integrate technology even deeper into their lives.	personally, i am a current student teacher who is almost finished getting certified, and i was lucky enough to be in a classroom that went paperless, where students were provided laptops during the class.
Limitations of Society's Discoveries and Importance of Evidence-Based Claims.	and so as a society, we are restricting our discoveries and inventions to the small areas of science and technology that we know about so far, that we think are credible and worthwhile.	if someone is making a claim without evidence, then that claim should be questioned.
Criticism of human nature and selfishness.	i would never sacrifice the person i cared most about to help such a selfish, deliberately ignorant, and self centered species.	if conditions improve, people improve, and they become people who you would consider  worth saving.
Selection of elites and lack of historical understanding.	these elites are not selected by the people, but are established based on certain merits.	sometimes we get bad ones in office for longer sometimes good ones in office for shorter and it is a damned shame.
Superficiality and importance of appearance.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	it is when you first see someone  in the real world  that all you are able to see is looks.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	we have the same thing now.
The concept of free will in relation to heaven and afterlife.	when you consider the christian view of heaven being a place where  sin  does t exist then there is no free will, not really since you can only choose to do the  right  action.	i do not believe in the after life, but if the religions promising an eternally blissful afterlife are true; surely that will be blissful.
Ethics of avoiding animal-derived products.	if you choose to avoid things that are derived from the cruel treatment of living things, then you could also make a similar argument pertaining to plants.	plants are not sentient, they do not feel pain or pleasure nor do have emotions.
Religion and the concept of God.	if god created us in his image, why is he considered good when we are a violent species ?	if we are unable to solve problems, it is also to some extent our choice to not be able to solve them, because we do not put enough effort into it.
Challenges of Law Enforcement and Professional Standards.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	that is what rubs people the wrong way, not that cops are imperfect, but that far too often the lousy ones are allowed to keep their jobs.
Improvement in quality of life, technology, and crime rate.	the quality of life is increasing, technology is improving, and crime is falling.	and the increase come at costs.
Organ donation and religious beliefs.	i am only aware of one reason that would prevent some one from being an organ donor, and that is religious.	if i am giving something away that is mine especially my organs , i do not want someone else telling me who i am allowed to give to.
Acting roles and talent requirements in Hollywood.	anyone with even a modicum of talent on guitar or drums can play green day songs.	so, yes, there are some roles, even starring roles, in hollywood that pretty much anyone could play, but there are other roles that you seem to be wholly ignoring where this is anything but the case.
Plurals and language rules.	second, a lot of those words do not actually end in   i  in their original languages.	also, languages are not constructed so that they are easy to learn.
Gaming and Physical Activity	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	we might not be in the same room, or even in the same state but it is anything but an isolated or insulated experience.
The benefits of taking time to make decisions.	when making a decision, taking long amounts of time to analyse and consider one is options is more beneficial than making a decision that is regretful.	you are making the choice to learn more about potential choices, not just putting off deciding.
Coursework procrastination and monitoring.	some students see the deadline of the coursework and decide to start doing the coursework on that day.	they may whine a bit and say your class is hard.
Road safety laws and permit restrictions for cars and bikers.	with these laws i think the roads would become a much safer place for cars and bikers, and many laws will be cleared up for bikers who do not understand the law.	once again, cars and bikes have to follow these permit restrictions its certainly relevant if you are imposing restrictions on when you can use your sole piece of transportation, if i use my bike to get to work and i work night shifts then i ca not get to work.
Criticism of women in gaming.	next, people say anita is not a  real  gamer.	and third, she is stated several times that she grew up playing and loving video games and i have literally no reason not to believe her.
Limitations of an all-powerful being.	if you have an answer to that question, that same answer could be translated to the universe.	is all goodness truly required for god ? again, this does not disprove possibility of god in any way.
Polygamy and Women's Rights in Past Societies	the end result as with most polygamous societies in the past is a small number of elite men hoarding all the women.	either the taboo for both would be gone, or the taboo for neither would be gone.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	if defying logic gives a person hope, or makes them feel like they are going to gain something, they will eat it up.
Concerns about the well-being and evaluation of transplant recipients.	their wellbeing following such traumatic interventions are not guaranteed, especially when comes to transplantation.	why not evaluate every patient based on there contributions to society ? the goal is to give the infant the best possible chance to live.
Accessibility to basic human needs.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	if a government has access to all information, they can, in theory, keep you perfectly safe from threats.
Choosing to Keep or Change Last Name After Marriage	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	in the end, what you decide to do with your name and marriage is completely your choice, which i completely respect and in no way do suggest what you should do with it.
Atheism and Religion Beliefs.	i just ca not imagine a scenario where i say nothing then someone else says something about their religion or some analogy and i say  oh i guess you are right then, your religion here is real .	it is not something that requires a  why.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	if you invite one friend and not another, the ones left out will feel very hurt.
Fatherhood joys and challenges.	think of all the joys fatherhood brings.	additionally, the day to day of caring for a kid is fairly boring: most parents rate it as similarly enjoyable as vacuuming URL because of that, it should be no surprise that young parents are less happy than their childless peers URL the good moments are simply outweighed by the additional drudgery and misery.
Upgrading furniture.	we should view upgrades to our couches the same way we see remodeling a kitchen.	furniture and appliances can be placed into a room with little effort.
Obama's defense of Sony's cyber bullying of Kim Jong Un.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	he took this job knowing that being made fun of by foreigners was a normal part of it.
Challenges of mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.	why are we trying to push btc mainstream ?	inexpensive services can now be developed for them and their cell phones.
Comparison of gymnastics and rock climbing.	yet gymnastics asks one to maneuver their bodies into shapes that the human figure is not meant to form.	i am going to post my own personal counter example of rock climbing as of being equivalent to gymnastics.
Transgender identity and body dysphoria.	mtf or ftm trans i think are misguided, yes.	cisgender people do not seriously consider trying to take hormones of the opposite sex to change their physiology, nor do they go out of their way to acquire such hormones.
School liability waivers.	in my school, for example, in order to attend we have to sign waivers.	it is not illegal to refuse to sign a document.
The Ethics of Military Combat.	another reason is when on the field, you are killing people who are on the other side of the fight than you, but these people are compete strangers.	the military as the army and marine infantry very specifically to do that.
Human evolution and animal equality.	i believe that we humans are not more evolved than any other animal, we just evolved differently but together with other animals.	but in rejecting the view that we occupy a privileged spot in the universe, which you do, i do not see a case for applying objective morality to humans.
Voluntaryism and Tax Exempt Status of Religious Organizations.	the only exception i have thought of is the tax exempt status of religious organizations.	personally i do not think they should be exempt at all, but you can probably make a compelling argument in favor.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	they are the companies against net neutrality.
Misalignment of School Year and Calendar Year	school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years.	why have the school year when one could make the entire year line up with the calendar ? this is also impossible.
Protection against discrimination and constitutional rights.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	the us constitution is not arbitrary, though i doubt you can understand this.
Agreement on the Purpose and Payment of Taxes.	if i refuse to pay taxes, i am fined.	you agree that taxes serve a purpose, and you agree with part of this purpose.
Is not having children a good decision?	not having child is objectively a great decision, economically, time wise, etc.	if i anticipate that the benefits of having a child outweigh the costs, then it is a good decision, is not it ? could not you argue that raising a child is meaningful charity work ? it consumes time and resources, and the obvious material benefits are felt by someone other than yourself.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	she says it is unfair of me to disregard her and other people is feelings.
Highway speed limits and safety concerns.	the speed limits on most highways just do not make sense.	the nhtsa states:    speeding is one of the most prevalent factors contributing to traffic crashes.
Gamergate and corruption in video game industry.	gamergate is a movement that is apparently aiming to expose and combat the corruption in video games industry.	zoe quinn is being accused of sleeping around to benefit her gaming career.
Cruise activities and limitations.	cruises are also full of activities to keep yourself and your kids occupied during the trip.	or relatively inauthentic to the place you are going relatively lower quality hence  all you can eat  food.
Rules against stereotyping and attacking groups based on beliefs.	rules against attacking groups defined by belief.	different cultures around the world have varying norms for gender roles, family structure, or holiday traditions.
Capital punishment and use of the electric chair	some of these people who commit these crimes make me want to personally execute them.	your prerequisites are just different.
White Privilege and Racism	statements like  white people ca not experience racism  are obviously bunk; tell that to the polish guy who got glassed and facially disfigured by a drunk woman in my town on the basis of his identity.	they get by just fine.
Gender identity and biological sex.	the things that define what a  aman  is is essentially a penis, and likewise, a vagina for a woman anatomically and scientifically .	for example, a woman who  feels  they are a man because of their private, subjective experience as a thinking person is basing this off a sexist idea of how men  are.
Human Free Will and Limitations Compared to God	because god is totally free, so are humans.	even granted a belief in god, humans are not gods.
Faith in Competent Leaders and Historical Perspective on Problems.	would not you feel more comfortable putting your faith in the hands of honest, educated, competent people, then a majority that is lacking most of those things ?	merits that are achieved through humanitarian work, educational work, military work.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	you can throw a book on the ground and it is still readable.
Living with depression.	and there is clearly no cure for their depression.	also, you do not need an out and out cure to live with depression.
Societal expectations and objectification of women's bodies.	on a certain level, is not everyone selling their body ?	surely, some players are taken advantage of, but the most college athlete are able to leave the field and get a job and have product life.
Rights and Restrictions on Human Movement and Control.	i do not see how one of group of humans has the right to restrict another human is movement and intimately control their life.	it does not give them the right to take away fundamental aspects of your life as a human.
Economics and Leftism.	leftist culture demonizes capitalism, which is the mechanism by which one attains material security in our society.	great synopsis below: URL  on the other hand, american conservatism launched an unnecessary war in iraq which was astronomically irresponsible from a budgetary point of view and amusingly was in effect the antithesis of canadian health care in that the war is a single payer system, carried out in large part by private companies, only death not health was the objective.
History and significance of "under God" phrase.	the under god line is actually a relatively new addition.	not sure that is really a  new  addition.
Evolutionary biology and love as a social construct.	true, but maybe that is because love itself is a social construct ?	women and men fucked back in the primal ages because that is what we are wired to do.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	our civillization today is therefore not dependent on oil as the driving force of our economy.
Controversial views on treatment of mentally ill individuals.	i am leaving out those with mental illnesses for the sake of my ignorant argument.	but we ca not.
Debate on whether alcohol-facilitated sex is rape.	but there is a push escalating trivial hookups to rape.	my understanding is that legally, the presence of alcohol serves as a compounding factor in rape investigations which would be rape investigations whether or not alcohol was present.
Comparison between beer and wine.	there are more things you can vary with beer than you can with wine.	there are umpteen reasons for why wine can be more expensive than beer, not least because wine can keep and improve for years ie.
Driving with Physical Limitations	i often find myself thinking how dangerous even small motions of a driver can be.	so for you as long as you are focused you should be fine one the end.
Unkindness and Insulting Behavior	similarly, if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	but claims of people being too politically correct usually stem from arguments where the person getting called out is not doing something that would universally be considered objectionable.
Atheism and conversion.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	many christians change demonations, or sometimes completely separate religions.
Body image and beauty standards.	what i do not support is companies saying that real beauty is being round and curvy when in actuality, that may not be very healthy and should not be settled for.	some may use tobacco or cocaine to curb appetite.
Firearms and Perpetrator Accuracy.	most perpetrators are not trained to use firearms and are a lot less likely to hit their target.	if i am within  yards of you and i wait for you to fire the first shot, i am one of two things: extremely lucky, or dead.
Controversial stance on birth control and reproduction.	therefore i would like to see methods of preventing birth like birth control and abortion illegalized, along with a legal requirement to reproduce.	you are advocating restricting the freedom of half of society because of the anatomy that they are born with.
Faking wealth.	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	easy without all that silly time wasting work.
The Emotional Connection of Video Games.	a game can make people cry or at least get emotional as the story progresses.	why do you believe this to be bad ? does it ? i would think filling in the missing details with ones from your own imagination, and therefore personality and experiences, would connect you more with the world than simply having everything handed to you.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	you are not making a fully educated and independent decision.
The unrealistic idea of living the "good life".	the good life is that im going to do all these drugs, blow my money, travel, have sex, get to know as many people as possible and die when i die.	what happens when the booze stops getting you buzzed, when the pot, etc.
Helmet use for cyclists compared to aviation requirements.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	by the same logic you could argue that skateboarders, surfers, or horse riders should have mandatory insurance.
Affordability of professional sports entertainment.	if you want sports entertainment you should go pay professional sports entertainment.	the nfl is outside of most people is budgets.
Refereeing and Holding Calls.	i acknowledge that referees seem to call  holding  only on actions that directly affect the outcome of the play.	there has got to be at least some pulling on every play given the sheer amount of contact between lines.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	consider people like isaac newton, einstein, richard dawkins, george washington, abe lincoln, nicola tesla, alan turing, bill gates, steve jobs, shigeru miyamoto, and elvis.
Advantages of being bisexual.	to my way of thinking, being a bisexual would be great.	there is an extremely large amount of women or men ? i am assuming you are a hetro man for you to potentially date.
Education system and government's intentions.	the school system needs a lot of revision if people really want the most educated people.	even though our society has radically changed, i would argue that the government  wants  a populace that is dumbed down and does what they are told because they are easier to control, and they are not as likely to vote.
Lack of Mass Protest and Government Suppression of Basic Rights	american people would never rise up in a mass protest and defend their rights and freedoms.	people seem to take freedom for granted, and let the government get away with suppressing basic rights because they believe the government would never do anything to hurt the american people.
Moral Authority of America	someone convince me that america still has some moral authority ?	certainly countries  claim  such authority over others, but they do so self for self serving purposes.
Capitalism and its benefits.	i also see capitalism as an efficient machine that has helped increase standards of livings, brought new technologies, etc.	wage slavery URL is a natural result of capitalism; workers must perform labor in order to survive, whereas the capitalists or the wealthy, or the leisure class, or whatever else you would like to call them reap most of the benefits of said labor.
License requirements in residential zones.	licenses should not have to be required for residential zones.	residential zones should be a safe zone to have children play.
Societal impact of a person's death.	but really, what does society lose from the death of that person ?	the only people that could possibly gain from their existence would be their direct family and themselves.
Comparison of Iran and Israel's behavior in world affairs.	iran has proven itself to be a pragmatic and rational actor in world affairs.	they are not just afraid of iranian fanaticism, they are afraid of the possibility that iran will use its nuclear capacity to increase its prominence in world affairs and make it more difficult for western states to promote their own interests.
Eating meat and ethical considerations.	you may as well either go back to eating meat, or go all the way and become vegan.	it is not a black and white matter, and there is no objectively correct place to draw the line between what is ethically okay and what is not.
Budget allocation for NASA and public schools.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	and if you want to ignore the mountain and bitch about the mole hill, then you should probably rethink some of your priorities.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	if pantaleo was lawfully allowed to arrest garner, it is hard to say that a chokehold is totally unjustifiable.
The effects of parenthood on brain chemistry and success.	when you become a parent, your brain chemistry changes and you biochemically become a completely different person.	being an adult means sometimes doing things you do not want to do.
Escalator etiquette.	my point is that on escalators, polite and considerate people stand on the standing side and pass on the passing side.	while blocking an escalator completely  may  be inconsiderate, the idea of  escalator passing lanes  is silly.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	if they are not ready to accept the possibility, they are not going to do.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	so which is it are the lanes wide enough to accommodate both bicycles and cars, or would the lanes need to be widened in order to accommodate cyclists ?.
Polygamy and Women's Rights in Past Societies	the end result as with most polygamous societies in the past is a small number of elite men hoarding all the women.	i would argue, first of all, that no such past society had a thriving middle class and a proper respect for the rights of women, which is a pretty huge damper on the ability to create massive harems.
Becoming a Military Doctor and Paying for Medical School.	my plan was to graduate college and join the ushs the military medical school and become and army doctor. i am also poor and medical school in the military from what i understand pays for smart kids.	you will owe the military tons of time for the training, so you wo not be able to enter civilian practice for years.
The use of spanking as a punishment for children.	spanking is the universal  ultimate punishment  for a child.	extremely bad behavior gets extremely bad consequences.
Beauty standards and body image.	is real beauty not being thin, even though you may happen to have a high metabolism or eat healthy foods ?	some may use tobacco or cocaine to curb appetite.
Accessibility to basic human needs.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	in an idealistic society, a person competes with another person, not to hurt the other person, but to help themselves.
Personal growth and sexual experience.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	it is not original or new, it is not some grand epiphany.
Fraternity discrimination against gay members.	the same goes for people who are gay there are some who are opposed to gay members and others who are not.	if you have a fraternity, then disallowing someone from joining because they are a trans man is equivalent to disallowing someone from joining because they are male.
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	you have a problem with her  making a situation  where a rapist cannot control themselves.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	if you were to consider that greed is actually dynamic, you would see that it is the foundation of development.
Moral and ethical beliefs conflicting with responsibility ascription.	however, i have never been fully able to reconcile my moral and ethical beliefs with the way in which responsibility is ascribed.	it is not immoral to lack information, be naive, innocent in the ways of the world, young, immature, an air head, dumb or to have a low iq.
Fatherhood joys and challenges.	think of all the joys fatherhood brings.	just think of waking up for the th night in a row at  am to calm your crying baby.
The value of writing and existence.	my books would most likely just be lost to time and pointlessness, so why even bother ?	you do not need a degree in writing to learn how to write well.
Blaming voters for a government's wrong law.	the government passes a law that is clearly  wrong .	well it is your fault for voting for that government.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	it is making toys as a toy company, and if you judge it on that basis it is doing a fantastic job.
Scottish referendum and UK's lack of involvement.	the current referendum was approved by the scottish parliament.	the scottish parliament ca not go around organizing referendums as it pleases.
The impact of abolishing intellectual property on science and progress.	i also believe that abolishing intellectual property could result prejudicial to science and progress as less people would be willing to dedicate their lives to innovating.	i think it is unfair and counterproductive to reward one single person who happened to be in the right place and the right time for the result of the accumulated efforts of thousands of anonymous research assistants, for example.
The War on Christmas and Exclusion.	the most offensive part of the  war on christmas  is one group trying to exclude all others.	in that same sense, it is possible for a jewish person to be offended by  merry christmas  and a christian could be offended by  happy holidays  just as in both cases it is possible for the individuals in both cases above to not be offended.
Gender roles and feminism in homemaking and nurturing.	i feel we have lost some important values of homemaking and nurturing.	feminism created a society in which women were not forced to the home and men forced to work to support the home; feminism created a society in which  either parent  can stay at home and  either parent  can work to support the home.
Feminism and Equality Advocacy.	i feel like we can all advocate for equality without having to blame a certain group or overgeneralize a whole gender.	blaming a certain group  plays no necessary role in feminism.
Accusations of Racism and Failure to Accept Self-Identity	i am accused of just being secretly racist, which i do not know how to disprove.	if all you have is  i do not believe in it , just let people call themselves what they like.
Gender identity and expression.	see, i have a gay friend who has many  feminine  traits, talks very much like a woman, his mannerisms, his tastes, etc.	what is the difference between my friend and a transgender ? your friend is comfortable with his male anatomy, and does not want to medically become female by taking hormone replacement therapy.
The quality of comics.	the comic is comedy or sentimental value is also objectively low.	the strip is very well loved by many, many people just not you or me , which is where it gets its reputation that you and i personally do not agree with.
Debate on the necessity of playoffs in determining a winner.	the team that has the most points at the end of such a season is a clear winner, and playoffs are not really needed.	the other side to this to, is that if you follow that team with the most runs total, they could still have lost most of their games anyways.
Justice system and punishment methods.	imagine if someone came into your life, took away someone you held near and dear, causing suffering to you and everyone who knew them.	in what way does this work within our current justice system ? whether the superior theory of justice is rehabilitation or deterrence, we certainly do not try to inflict identical harm upon the criminal.
Lack of interest in local politics and voting.	why would i want to give my vote to another ?	an absentee ballot cast by myself would be a ballot cast blindly which could actually work against my best interest.
Men and prostitution.	men patronize prostitutes in significant numbers and men are willing to trade things of real value like money in order to get sex.	most men orgasm from actual sex easier and quicker than women, not necessarily due to hormones but just by virtue of how the penis works and the fact it is literally a hanging, visible thing.
Oppression and Privilege.	i am a heterosexual white male, which according to some, makes me incapable of being oppressed.	society is definitely not going to oppress you for your heterosexuality which your post does not actually say you have, though, you sound bisexual and you can totally be oppressed for that, eg giving blood , whiteness, or maleness, yeah.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	so we are really comparing rapists and men in general to a group of predator animals that have little cognitive ability and definitely no moral reprehensions ? and her penchant for dressing in a way that will make your eyes pop out.
Human capital and property rights.	a society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital.	the right of every colour, creed and caste to be able to apply for public office is also concerned with ownership.
Libertarian stance on discrimination in laws and justice.	where discrimination for the sole reason of sex/race/etc is completely ok.	no libertarian supports discrimination when it comes to laws or justice.
Speeding and Traffic Safety.	if we all obeyed them, traffic would come to a crawl.	traffic would be just as congested as it always is.
Vegetarian consumers and their relevance to companies.	as a vegetarian, you are not the consumer and therefore you are not of interest to them.	vegetarian consumers are still consumers; obviously they are no longer of interest to a company like perdue, but they are of interest to any other company looking to make a profit.
Acting roles and talent requirements in Hollywood.	anyone with even a modicum of talent on guitar or drums can play green day songs.	indeed, it seems to be the minority, considering how much popular music is a  chord progression.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	star wars  looked and sounded  really  new at the time, and was therefore exciting and eye opening.
Limitations of Mathematics in Producing New Knowledge and Truth.	descriptions in mathematics are less ambiguous, more strictly logical, and lead to greater insights than descriptions in english or any other language.	further, it is genuinely difficult to mathematize certain concepts, it sucks, but that does not make those concepts any less true or false, being able to reduce them to mathematics is an epistemic, not ontological concern.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	if you look at material regarding their manifesto they mention this quite frequently.
Economics and Leftism.	leftist culture demonizes capitalism, which is the mechanism by which one attains material security in our society.	especially when you factor in the number that were not covered pre obamacare.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	neither is there anything overly logical about it.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	furthermore, if the participants see the event as very important and do not see it as a waste of money, how can you decide that it is a waste of money  to them  ? being truly in love has nothing to do with wanting a big wedding or not.
Police brutality and use of deadly force.	seriously, if the cop was a sick fuck and gets a boner shooting up black people, he could have done so in a secluded area at night when no one was around.	or maybe the cop imagines up some  stop resisting arrest  story to justify shooting someone.
Regretting tattoos obtained at a retreat.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	for people who get tattoos with a symbolic meaning:  does it really matter if the meaning does not apply to their current life ? it is a testament to a feeling they once had, that they will always be able to look back on.
The meaning of life.	i mean meaningless to the person who is doing the dying.	however, the fact that you helped the world in your lifetime means that your life has meaning.
Misogyny in the gaming community.	with all the quinnspiracy and gamergate bullshit going on, i have come to the conclusion that gaming community of reddit is full of misogynistic neckbeards who are unable to take any critique.	that being said, what subreddits a person is subscribed to and even participate in does not represent their views, just that they are topics of interest to them.
Gamergate and corruption in video game industry.	gamergate is a movement that is apparently aiming to expose and combat the corruption in video games industry.	in fact, long before this, it is been widely known that gaming journalists are either bribed or have their livelihoods threatened to make good reviews of terrible games.
Clock industry decline.	but those clocks have been in a decline for a long time now.	are people really complaining about ambiguity ? if you ca not prove that people are having a hard time using am/pm, you have not proven it is  better.
Oppression and Privilege.	i am a heterosexual white male, which according to some, makes me incapable of being oppressed.	but do not worry feminists and other liberals have got you covered with the concept of the kyriarchy URL which describes how oppression forms heirarchies, and can target people for a large variety of reasons.
Misuse of sarcasm as a response to criticism.	i realize that the  so edgy  response if often made half jokingly, which is completely fine.	an argument is validity is dependant on itself and only itself.
Batman's portrayal in Nolan's movie adaptation.	none of the characters are faithful adaptations, and in a movie featuring batman, i expected nolan to leave the character is personalities and motivations intact.	it is just a different batman with a different origin story and different motivations.
The effectiveness of education research and scientific method in education.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	not to mention there is the flipside problem of actually  implementing  change which can be a whole different can of worms than simply identifying what needs to change in the first place.
Justification for Higher Insurance Premiums Based on Profit Margin	how is insurance companies  need to make a profit a defensible claim for higher premium ?	insurance companies exist to make a profit.
Limitations of Scientific Knowledge.	there is a lot that we know about the world because of science, but we cannot say for sure that we know everything about our own existence.	furthermore, a creator brings up a lot of other issues such as how the creator exists, why it created, and the nature of the creator.
Criticism of Obama's handling of racial tensions.	i think people are very quick to judge someone is actions, obama is recent criticisms along with the martin, brown, and garner, as specific intentions of race baiting.	obama ran as a uniter, but his politics have been nothing but divide.
Financial Responsibility and Choice of Spending.	i am forced to pay at least partially for all of these things and offered no way to choose where my money goes.	also, quite a few people pay essentially no tax and do not end up in prison.
The use of grades as a measure of personality factors.	i understand that grades also can be used to measure certain personality factors conscientiousness, ability to follow instruction, adherence to procedural norms which all debatable might be as important as understanding the material.	however, you could simply give a separate evaluation of these factors instead rolling them all in to one.
Morality and free will in relation to God.	i will not entertain the idea that morality is relative.	and how are you determining an objective moral reality in the absence of some authority that determines that morality ?.
Men's redundancy in reproduction.	furthermore, reproductively, almost every man on earth has become redundant.	what the fuck ? this is some trp, evo psych bullshit.
The Definition of Sports and Extracurricular Activities.	now, for some reason, there has been a strange push in the last decade or so to define just about any and all extracurricular activities as sports, especially in high schools.	as a result, schools do not have to follow title ix rules for cheerleading, nor do they have to provide adequate coaching, safe practice spaces, etc.
Defining basic human rights.	and that people who espouse that everything is a  basic human right  are lazy and ungrateful.	if you are saying that there is no such thing as human rights i would agree with you.
Fundamental rights in American government.	these were the first fundamental rights we declared for ourselves as americans and i believe these rights are one of the building blocks of american government today.	there is a reason life was listed first, if you do not have a right to your life, you ca not have a right to anything else.
NSA's impact on civil liberties and terrorism prevention.	there is certainly risk to civil liberty as in any government enforcement agency.	while i think that the freedom to associate with political groups could be threatened, i still think the nsa effectively reduces the threat of terrorism.
Violence and Self-Defense.	but once violence happens, walking away simply is not an option anymore.	at every point on that continuum you have not only a choice but a moral obligation to deescalate the encounter as much as possible.
Automation of cars and profitability of ebooks.	to be fully effective, all cars on main roads would have to be automated.	people also panic.
Non-consensual sharing of intimate photos.	i know some photos of random girls have to have been from a boyfriend or ex that were uploaded without the girl is permission.	you chose to look at her photos knowing that they were not intended to be seen.
The dangers of indoor smoking.	once dissipated, the concentration of toxins is negligible.	it assaults my senses in the same way bad bo or the neighbors swearing at each other on their front porch does.
Dealing with a friend's personal problems.	i think her problems are due to her own issues, and its unreasonable for her to drag me into her own problems.	fundamentally, if you value your friendship with your cousin over your relationship with your sister, it is up to you to make that choice, and her trying to guilt trip you out of it is not going to help you change your mind.
Importance of lectures and exams in academic performance.	the recommended textbook should only used as a study aid, not as a replacement for lectures.	classes are not meant to be taken for formality reasons and thus are not designed for those students who already know the material.
Pay discrepancy between hard and easy jobs.	people working  hard  jobs will always be paid more than those working  easier  jobs.	it is not some universal constant of class measurement.
Pronunciation and Nationalism.	i am aware i am in a particular country that speaks english a certain way, but to completely discount alternate and, in many cases, the original pronunciation as  wrong  seems nationalistic at best and conceited at worst.	they believe there  is  a right, better, or more legitimate version of a word as you yourself implied and will correct apparent transgressions.
Limitations of Society's Scientific Discoveries and Inventions	and so as a society, we are restricting our discoveries and inventions to the small areas of science and technology that we know about so far, that we think are credible and worthwhile.	so, would it now be morally alright to test on them what would be torturous otherwise ? science as tempting as it may be is not a be all end all definition for things.
City's policy on transportation balance.	the other argument is that the city is gouging drivers.	even the very sidewalks you stroll on exist because cement was brought in a truck and spread by workers who drove there.
Israel's stance on one vs. two state solution.	until israel endorses either a one state solution, or a two state solution, the israel government is, at best, disingenuous.	seems to be israel is position.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	they want to invite all the relatives.
Importance of intimacy in sexual relationships.	sex is a very powerful action that does not necessarily have to be used for conception every time, but should only be used between two very close people.	i can also look at the us, and look at arguably highly sexually repressed states and see unhealthy, poor performing areas that fail on a whole slew of tangible  civilization metrics.
Capital punishment and use of the electric chair	some of these people who commit these crimes make me want to personally execute them.	if this happened to you, and the state has arrested this person, tried him and found him guilty, and is going to administer a death sentence, the criminal is going to be just as permanently removed from society whether by injection or a painful method.
Belief in God and personal stance on religion.	i mean god as a supreme being/entity who is all knowing, all powerful, and created the universe.	if you have an answer to that question, that same answer could be translated to the universe.
Arguments for applying gay marriage to other practices.	i think the arguments that are used to support gay marriage can be directly applied to the other two practices mentioned.	what arguments do you have in mind ? the argument is that marriage laws are discriminating based on gender and sexual orientation for no justifiable reason.
Ethics and Accountability of Insurance Companies	how is insurance companies  need to make a profit a defensible claim for higher premium ?	by increasing the premiums for demographics that are known to be involved in more accidents, they can lower the premiums for demographics that are known to be involved in fewer accidents.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	in looking at this, the key is whether pantaleo took an  unjustifiable  risk in the manner in which he detained garner.
Passengers kicked off for body odor.	finally, passengers have been kicked off for things that endanger the comfort of others before like body odor .	body odor can make people physically ill.
Discussion on sexuality and LGBTQ+ events.	however, when i go to gay pride, i notice the whole thing is very sexual with lewd performances and so on.	gay pride is a once in a year event, also the nature of the gay pride varies with location e.
Polyamory and Selectivity in Relationships.	a relationship should be between two people.	if i love two people, i see no reason to throw one of them away.
Tattoos and Employment.	there is always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you.	i also am not ashamed of my tattoo is at all.
Evolutionary biology and love as a social construct.	true, but maybe that is because love itself is a social construct ?	fuck and populate.
Vegetarianism and Animal Rights	the way we treat all animals are simply ignored by vegetarians.	that is why people refrain from eating animals and choose a plant based diet.
Keeping last name in marriage.	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	while i agree that you create a new family, you also do not leave behind your old one.
Debate on Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	so even things that are detrimental to reproduction can still survive in the gene pool, as indicated by the multitude of genetic disorders we see in the world.
Alcohol and its potential consequences.	and the potential consequences of blacking out sound terrifying.	there is an entire culture to it that i had missed out on my former city has the most breweries per capita of the entire us.
Cost comparison of fast food and healthy food.	fast food is actually relatively expensive in comparison to healthy foods.	fresh products are pretty expensive and do not keep well so a large part of healthy food, and probably the better, cost more.
Gun violence and its impact on society.	not to mention the amount of people who die each year due to violence with the use of guns and firearms such as mass killings of innocent lives.	just the other day my neighbor shot a copperhead with a.
Defining the central ideology of feminism.	the main idea of feminism is to against the belief in the patriarchy and institutional misogyny.	what does anti even mean in this scenario ? you are actively against evaluating society ? what good does that do anyone ? feminists already disagree with each other internally, so holding a contrary opinion does not make you anti feminist, just a person who disagrees with a particular theory.
Features and amenities on a cruise ship.	room service, room cleaned twice daily, amazing food all you can eat , daily entertainment, and ways to relax.	because they are going to a destination not accessible by a cruise ship ? because they would rather stay  in their actual destination  as much as possible while on vacation ? because they are afraid of boats or sailing ? because they object to how the crew on board such ships are treated ? because they are aware of the fairly atrocious food handling and food storage on board most cruise ships ? cmv some people do not care about room service.
The benefits of taking time to make decisions.	when making a decision, taking long amounts of time to analyse and consider one is options is more beneficial than making a decision that is regretful.	all valid options, depending on your situation, but if you do not decide in the next  seconds  you are becoming part of that accident  also, i would argue that in the first example, that is not indecisiveness, that is making the decision of  i do not know yet, i need to do more research.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ? where is heaven and hell ? if you say he still lives in the universe, how does matter/energy following conventional laws of physics interact with something following different laws of physics ? this is quite a few questions, so:   if we are viewing our universe as a computer program that god is writing or otherwise interacting in, then it is clear that he exists outside our universe, inputting commands to make it work the way he wants it to when something goes out of bounds.
Importance of friendship in romantic relationships.	i also believe couples should also be friends.	it is not uncommon to laugh at people is reactions to things, or to take trips with them, or even to just hang out.
Alcohol education courses in schools.	every semester i have to spend a few hours doing a course on alcohol that i have taken four times so far.	this is a relatively common rule which is meant to prevent binge drinking.
"Technology's Impact on Job Availability"	the more technology we create the less we are going to need people to do certain jobs.	throughout history all technology   automation has resulted in higher net labor demand not lower so why do you presume that increased automation will reduce labor demand without any evidence to support that point ? incorrect.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	that is bad, they wo not have learned anything.
The use of grades as a measure of personality factors.	i understand that grades also can be used to measure certain personality factors conscientiousness, ability to follow instruction, adherence to procedural norms which all debatable might be as important as understanding the material.	however, it is not sensible to have a final exam testing everything, because it is important that there are incentives to learn subject matter throughout a course.
Discussing interpretations in literature and its relevance to education.	i get that for many people, discussing interpretations is a way of enhancing their reading experience, but what does that have to do with my education ?	textual analysis simply ca not use the same type of thinking.
Dieting and Exercise vs. Regulating Caloric Intake	i do not care about being right i care about losing weight, and i never wanna do yoga again !	the diet programs generally attempt to make you feel full, and limit your calories.
Methods of killing and their effects.	all of these methods of killing result in long and painful deaths.	i ca not assume that, because it is not correct.
African American culture and ancestry.	during slavery africans had their native cultures erased and came together to form a new one for all african americans.	i was born in america, and so were my parents, and theirs before them.
Sociopaths and Moral Quandaries	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	some of the characteristics of sociopaths include from wikipedia   poor impulse control including problems with planning and foresight   demand for immediate gratification   lacking affect and urge control   lacking empathy and close attachments with others   use of cruelty to gain empowerment   exploitative tendencies   defiance of authority   destructive excitement seeking so you swap out a moral compass debatably a bad thing for a host of awful characteristics.
Budget allocation for NASA and social benefits.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	the problem is not money.
Limitations of animal and human decision-making abilities.	i do not see any place for the idea that any animal, including humans, is truly capable of making choices.	why should it matter whether that agency exists outside the rules of the universe? in short, we may not have free will but we certainly have will, and that is all that really matters.
Properties of pi.	yet the digits of pi are never ending and never repeating.	that follows this pattern ad infinitum.
Artists selling their art.	even established actors or comedians should not be doing commercials.	do you apply these standards to other types of employment ? lets take bob for an example.
Clarifying the "not all men are like that" argument.	when someone says  not all men are like that , the correct response is to clarify, or admit to a factual error, and not to accuse the other side of  derailing , or  changing the subject .	oftentimes, when people use this phrase, it is being used as a straw man, because the person it is directed at never intended to mean  all  x  are like that  to begin with.
Acknowledging the Existence of Horrible Black People.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	because it is not their fault.
Importance of Privacy in Society.	i need a logical argument not based on dangerous potential endgames, or a justification for privacy in itself beyond just that  privacy is good .	for example, do you think it would be appropriate for your friend to go through you browser history ? for them to ask about what you do in bed with your partner ? for them to go through you texts ? no.
The limited success of college football players in going pro.	the free education argument does not fly either.	most of the players, as i mentioned above, know they are not going to make the nfl.
Grading based on handwriting in engineering.	a core of engineering is about communicating.	in the real world handwriting does not matter.
The use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	i read somewhere that if you make your biggest weakness your shield, no one can ever hurt you with it.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	rather than this being a  good  thing that helps men move on with their lives, it actually does the opposite.
Limitations of scientific evidence and research studies.	anything not backed by scientific evidence or at least deemed possible or credible is ridiculed.	to compare this to modern day those who believe that life begins at conception rather than at birth often have political power that prevents us from researching things like stem cells.
Opposition to the Iraq War.	i am not saying all wars are avoidable, but even though i am highly ignorant about politics, i just did not see the point of iraq war.	but there are many jobs and specialties in all branches of the military that are guarranteed to never see combat.
Limitations of scientific evidence and research studies.	anything not backed by scientific evidence or at least deemed possible or credible is ridiculed.	do you think you could make the switch ? all logic and scienctific reasoning says it is the better choice.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	secondly, the stronger wizards who do most of the fighting have immensely powerful spells.
Anime and its Historical Context.	i ca not stand most of the characters.	i think you need to understand the historical context why anime became popular.
Humanity's worthiness of a savior.	i do not think humanity really deserves a savior, especially at the cost of innocent life.	those who have  ample opportunity and resources  have what is often called  amoral luck  as in, you or i living comfortable lives never get to find out how depraved we can really be, because we are never in a position desperate enough for us to want to break the law, or lower our moral standards.
Ridesharing and its impact on immigrant taxi drivers.	finally, ridesharing is taking jobs away from hard working immigrants who come to north america specifically to drive cabs.	a rate increase decreases demand somewhat, allowing them to continue meeting it with their business goals a car within x minutes.
Job Creation and Nationalism	many Americans think that creating jobs for americans is morally superior to creating jobs for people of other countries.	i will also say that the  made in american  or  creating jobs for americans  slogans do not stem from an anti immigrant stance, they stem from an appeal to the individual who is reading the slogan.
Tattoo display preferences.	and a lot of times, people proudly display their tattoos.	ya, neck and face and hand tattoo is may stop you from getting that cfo position.
Meditation and its misconceptions.	people who advocate meditation are making a status play.	people can meditate for a hour in the morning and still be quite involved.
Manipulation and Control Tactics of Crime Lords.	actions like that engender dissent and create a culture of fear and paranoia among your henchmen.	arbitrary killing reinforces the power and lack of restraint of the person in control.
Realization of someone's true nature.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	stop idealizing, she is every bit as pervy and horny as you are.
Internet censorship and child safety.	imagine your child browsing the internet, doing research for a project, or just browsing around.	what is your argument here ? that isps should be able to offer a filtering service marketed at protecting children or that such a filtering service should be standard and perhaps even unable to turn off ? say that your country is in the middle of a war or something.
Arguments for applying gay marriage to other practices.	i think the arguments that are used to support gay marriage can be directly applied to the other two practices mentioned.	there is no such danger with same sex marriage.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Democracy Progression	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	china is already set on the path for democracy.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	and as far as books on atheism go, i do not really see the point in  strengthening your stance  on atheism.
The Benefits and Limitations of Cruises	i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, you should go on a cruise.	taking a plane cheaply , or driving cheaply to a destination and engaging in a house/apartment swap with someone from that destination is also almost certainly cheaper, and heck, even using airbnb after getting there can and does rival cruise ship prices.
Dangers of religion and ideology.	religion and ideology can cause normal people to do horrible things.	when you say christianity or islam is the problem, and then point to a couple of dickheads.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	many people seem to develop a certain disdain for their peers and, in my opinion, would benefit greatly from team activity.
Media portrayal of criminals vs average citizens during difficult times.	but why are the cases that are most blasted over the media only focused on thugs ?	show me the man and i will find you the crime , said an expert in these sorts of things.
The ethics of guaranteeing certain rights for all people.	saying that  being given x is a guaranteed right for all people  is the same as saying that  people can be forced to provide x for someone  which to me seems like a type of morally justified slavery.	this is a voluntary choice, a loaded one but a choice nevertheless.
Challenges with societal gender norms and definitions.	the problem lies not within people  being born in the wrong skin , but within society is narrow definitions of men and women and of masculinity and femininity.	gender arises because social roles and norms develop around people is ad hoc perceptions of these primarily two sexes, because we use norms to regulate our interactions.
Belief in God and the Need for Evidence	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	the logical explanation is that the answer is unknown, based on lack of evidence; not that the absence of evidence is the evidence of absence, as you seem to be supporting.
Alcohol policy on campus.	kegs are not allowed on campus so we just have to spend more money on beer.	many schools also have restrictions on where students can live off campus to ensure that students have decent living conditions while going to school.
Libertarian views on race and discrimination.	libertarians claim that the free market or  social pressure  will eventually lead to a post racial world.	discriminating against minorities would be a  huge  disadvantage for any business model.
Gender roles and slut-shaming.	because the man is doing the work, the idea of the slut is perpetuated by  allowing  males to sleep with them, so in a world where the norm is that men and women put in equal work when courting, there could be no sluts.	and if i am being totally honest, posts like this one reinforce that idea that women  need  to be told what they  should  be doing, otherwise they just get it wrong.
Negative effects of derogatory humor on stereotypes.	derogatory humor also helps perpetuate negative stereotypes about groups that often deal with these preconceived ideas on a regular basis already.	this is a humongous jump in logic for which you can provide no evidence.
Artistic integrity and commercialism in the music industry.	the art is no longer as genuine.	therefore, the artist is actions do not create or destroy authenticity your knowledge of and perceptions of them do.
Password security and malware infection.	ideally, passwords should not be reused, and a formula should be used to generate unique passwords for each account you have.	also, you could lose access to all your accounts if the data is corrupted or lost on the device where this info is stored if you stupidly did not back it up.
The concept of amorality in society.	i think that what we call  amoral  is a huge misnomer;  amoral  is just a social contract we agree upon for the sake of ourselves and our society, rather than intrinsic right and wrong.	but that is deflecting the issue: is murder wrong ? yes, pretty unilaterally.
Barriers to communication for the deaf community.	the use of a sign language is central to deaf cultural identity.	thing is, that is normal for deaf people.
Fear of the Unknown in Natural Selection.	since natural selection shows us that the strong survive, at some point the human, or protohuman, brain tells humans that anything different is dangerous.	what we need is to live in a society where we can be sure all basic needs are met.
Scottish independence and cultural identity.	there is no real ethnic or cultural difference between scots and other brits.	and could only obtain that position by catering to english interests primarily.
Prioritization and Counseling for Social Dysfunction.	in addition to that, power, respect and a fame of sorts are my priorities too.	your life would be different, but not necessarily worse or better than now.
Ad-blocking and website content access agreement.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	and many ads tend to be intrusive, obstructive, and sometimes malicious.
Concerns about social division with BYOD in schools.	my biggest concern with byod in schools is increased social division.	pretty much all standard devices have some kind of web browser and the internet is going to be the main source of information and activity in a high school.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	a lot of people seem to think that if you live in an open relationship you ca not be a jealous person, but that is not really the case.
Economic policy regarding import and export.	if we export money, we lose that money from our economy.	i think tariffs are the best way to reduce importation, by discouraging our own citizens via high prices.
Efficiency of government vs private sector and privatization.	there is not a single example of a government organization working with greater efficiency than a corporate or private sector competitor.	however, if a government agency would fail in its organization two times before it worked, we would call it gross mismanagement.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	where do you think power lies in this world ? where do you think work is accomplished ? all of this lies in the hands of the masses.
Echo chambers and belief in rumors on boards.	on boards you will find echo chambers where people are more prone to believe rumors than proof.	thinking you are unaffected means just that.
Gender Bias in Workplace Dress Code.	women have the ability to expose their legs in the workplace, and men do not.	it then became commonplace for those shorts to be worn everywhere by men  and women, too.
The use of grades as a measure of personality factors.	i understand that grades also can be used to measure certain personality factors conscientiousness, ability to follow instruction, adherence to procedural norms which all debatable might be as important as understanding the material.	they test your ability to apply your knowledge to longer form problems that might require significant research or lots of thinking time things you ca not do in a  hour exam.
Feminism and Egalitarianism in Golf Club Membership.	now, while i consider myself a feminist, i consider myself more so an egalitarian and i believe that all people should be treated equally.	i am a feminist, but i was pretty annoyed when the augusta golf club was essentially forced to admit women as members, but i could understand it because the club would rent out its facilities to the public and held pga golf tournaments there.
Difficulty of learning and education for exceptional individuals.	there are no difficult subjects to learn.	if you seriously believe this then the problem is not with us culture, the problem is that you are an  extremely  exceptional person and there are not explicit educational systems that cater to the smartest  of the population.
Crime and Economic Collapse in Detroit.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	black people make up about  of the population in america.
Sliced vs Whole Sandwiches	a sliced sandwich is always superior to one that has not been sliced.	sliced exposes more to the room temperature.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	how about you get into an elevator with me after i have mexican for lunch and when you almost pass out from the fart smell, i tell you you need to learn to respect my differences ? i challenged her to explain how  bad  words could hurt a child.
Racism in Disney movies.	is there anyone that will argue that even these are not harmfully racist ?	racism is not a binary situation, we can never prove that a certain thing is  not racist , but we can say that in the context of it is society, it is not going out of it is way to be racist.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	attraction to you so good, but to others bad whereas in an open relationship a lot of these areas are gray.
Watching Let's Play vs Buying Video Games	you could easily buy the game yourself, instead of watching somebody making commentary about it.	who gives a shit ? other people clearly do, that is why they watch them, get over it.
Encouraging self-improvement and authenticity in learning.	there are no difficult subjects to learn.	do they not  encourage  these ? are these not measures of excellence to any extent ? i think by this you mean schools do not teach difficult courses, no ? i can absolutely assure you, there are difficult courses to take in schools in the west.
Pink as a symbol for breast cancer awareness.	ergo, its just a pr stunt common to today where people think change and effort is equaled to wearing a color sometimes.	when i see the pink, i think it must be october, and it must be breast cancer awareness month.
Influence of culture on sexuality and behavior.	i believe the culture in which a person lives can influence at least some people to be gay/bi/pedofilic.	this article URL explains it better than i could but basically a gay man is brain and a straight woman is brain have a lot of similarities.
Limitations of Society's Scientific Discoveries and Inventions	and so as a society, we are restricting our discoveries and inventions to the small areas of science and technology that we know about so far, that we think are credible and worthwhile.	we do research because there is so much we do not know, and there are so many boundaries we should not cross morally.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	one work might be a response or critique or elaboration of someone else is idea, but you do not have that cultural context, so you do not understand why the choices the artist made make sense or what they mean or the thought process behind them.
Homosexuality as a choice and "gay for pay" pornography.	i think that participating in homosexual acts is definitely a choice.	there are  gay for pay  men who act in same sex pornography for the money despite it being unattractive for them they have magazines of naked ladies to keep them going.
Attire at Music Festivals.	should girls be expected to wear bikini tops and bra is in public ?	i think so, since you are targeting the fashion choices of one gender.
Investment in Boarding Schools in USA.	investing on such boarding schools is not a big deal for countries like usa.	for another, we need both an education system and a functioning military.
Censorship and Hate Speech.	speech that is hateful, bigoted, and just terrible should be made illegal.	if you, personally, are too busy getting offended to look at the wbc iama, then do not look at it.
Obesity and Legislative Impact on Healthy Alternatives.	point being, obesity only runs rampant in the united states because legislature is not there to deflate the cost of healthy alternatives.	the ranges of overweight and obese are arbitrarily assigned and do not take into account racial, gender, or age differences.
Inherent cognitive biases and misinterpretation of data.	i cannot be sure that i am not inherently designed in a way that forces me to believe falsehoods and misinterpret experiential data.	however,  this does not matter.
Benefits and goals of weightlifting.	i do not see a benefit in being able to lift more weight than my hands will support.	they just wear gloves so they can increase their grip and wrist strength.
The impact of ridesharing on immigrant taxi drivers.	finally, ridesharing is taking jobs away from hard working immigrants who come to north america specifically to drive cabs.	we should ban taxis too, right ? how is getting into a cab different from ride sharing in this respect ? this is highly unfair to them this is ludicrous.
Israel's invasion of Gaza.	and the invasion of gaza is unjustified as well as impractical.	what should israel do when hamas has promised to destroy the country and kill everyone inside its boarders ? when over  rockets have been fired in about a month ? when the discover a huge underground network of terror tunnels ? when hamas violates ceasefire after ceasefire ? do not say give back land because israel tried that in  when they pulled every israeli including jews out of gaza leaving greenhouses and other buildings to continue a strong flower exporting industry.
Relationships and commitment.	i have to say that the opposite of my philosophy is the people that go  yeah, i could probably date him/her for a year, and then head off on my own way .	i have dated someone like this in the past before, and i just ca not understand this mentality nor believe it is healthy to think like this in a relationship.
Israeli-Palestinian conflict and civilian casualties.	israel should not be held accountable for civilian casualties in gaza when hamas is actively trying to increase civilian casualties by firing missiles out of civilian buildings.	with the main goal of hamas being to destroy israel; israel has the right to neutralize hamas to ensure the safety of israeli citizens.
The importance of scientific evidence in society.	some of the greatest inventions and discoveries of humanity were the result of scientists ignoring what was politically correct.	in popular culture, anything not backed by scientific evidence or at least deemed possible or credible is ridiculed.
Value of critical thinking and philosophy in society.	over the course of time, a society that values critical thinking and philosophical thought as much as quantitative and linear thought would be a society that would evolve quicker and more efficiently with considerably less conflict and arbitrary systems of control.	somehow i knew the op would confuse philosophy with liberal politics.
Online dating and shopping similarities.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	it is time consuming and expensive.
Driving at Slow Speeds	driving at such slow speeds is impractical.	are you really in that much of a hurry that driving  mph on the highway is  impractical  and a waste of time ? you would be wasting even more time if your reckless speeding caused you to get in an accident.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	i am not sure what the  right to property  is, but i will assume it has to do with the ability to own things.
Racial profiling and discrimination by police.	but if the same policeman finds a black kid with facial tattoos, a thick accent and pants around his knees we see that kid go to jail.	how you dress and present yourself is a large part of how people immediately perceive who you are that is human nature.
Criticism of Welfare System and Natural Selection	currently, i see our welfare system as a slap in the face to survival of the fittest.	by fighting natural selection, we are breeding weak people in this country and incentivizing people to be lazy.
Perceptions of the US military during the Iraq War.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	even if we remove the tool, if the desire for violence remains then violence will happen.
Refugee right of return and possible solutions.	I don't think refugees have the right of return.	if you are opposed to the right of return, you should insist that steps be taken to diminish or flat out solve the refugee problem, by resettling the refugees in the countries in which they currently live.
Kant's Categorical Imperative and Atomicity in Actions.	but none of the maxims address the atomicity of the action why must not apply the categorical imperative to the action of telling a murderer where the children are ?	this is precisely kant sticking to that gun.
Voter ID laws and discrimination against minorities.	i do not believe that the politicians who made voter id laws did so to discriminate against poor minorities.	i do agree that it makes sense for people to have photo id of some sort, but the unfortunate truth is that most people have no need for it until it is too late, at which time it is either unaffordable time wise or money wise or will take too long to process.
Spoilers and their impact on people.	if you do not care about the show, why get all uppity if you now know the ending ?	people who have not watched, read or played specific content do not want to generally be exposed to spoilers for the content.
The impact of creating separate museums on American unity.	creating a separate museum just intensifies feelings of separateness.	i have never been to the smithsonian, but i have certainly seen my fair share of college history textbooks, and all of them sometimes grudgingly come around to the admission that different peoples have different histories, and they need to be addressed in separate paragraphs, or subsections, or sections.
Sociopaths and Moral Quandaries	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	the purpose of the leader is to more or less represent the country internationally.
Clock industry decline.	but those clocks have been in a decline for a long time now.	if something is  better,  it would benefit society if everyone adopted it.
Depression as a Motivator	all you are doing is numbing the pain of the real world.	the pills just make you accept your fate rather than work for a brighter future.
Animal suffering and demand for meat.	given how economies work, demand for meat directly results in animal suffering.	it is the result of the information systems and of a culture that does not adequetely drive demand for ethics.
Sexual orientation and dating preferences.	if you happen to go more for women than men, that would still render you bi.	but it need not be stereotypical.
Personal definition of success and self-reliance.	my idea of success is having a roof over my head, a steady supply of food, one used car, and a way to obtain the small salary, and also to have remaining spending money to entertain myself.	then you look at your body, which has become a road map of scars from hot metal from slag, crushed fingers, knotted muscles, bones that pop on their own and ache when the air pressure changes, a constant sinus infection from working outside in all weather for nearly a decade, and what do you have to show for it but a used car, an xbox, and a shit ton of books that nobody wants but you.
Importance of intimacy in sexual relationships.	sex is a very powerful action that does not necessarily have to be used for conception every time, but should only be used between two very close people.	alcohol consumption and driving a car are more likely to cause you serious harm than having sex with a stranger.
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	you played the game, had your fun, got burned, and have to deal with the consequences.
Limitations and safety concerns of self-driving cars.	if a self driving car is slower than the rest of traffic, or gets caught up on a branch that falls into the roadway, or fails to navigate a construction site, or slams on its brakes because a trash bag drifted in front of it.	just like seat belts can sometimes trap you in a car and lead to a bad outcome, they are still widely adopted because they are overall safer.
Energy production and storage.	we need to continue our work on energy storage, production, and delivery first.	saying evs should not be mass produced because they are too expensive is tantamount to saying they should not be mass produced because they are not mass produced.
Belief in God and the Need for Evidence	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	you do not understand the difference between  belief that , and  belief in , or else you would never try to apply positivism to belief in.
The Value of Time and Effort Over Monetary Gifts.	i also add that i personally value the gift of time and effort above most monetary gifts because that is something that everyone values about the same.	how many relationships has that person sacrificed to stay at his workplace to do that extra % of work to make his company more competitive ? how much of that person is health has that person sacrificed sitting at his computer all day and night coding those extra lines of codes ? how many hours were sacrificed by that person to run his businesses ? how much stress has that person endured by risking his initial savings to start a company ? even if the person inherited the money, that money still had to be acquired somehow and a sacrifice had to be made in the past by his ancestors.
The influence of effort and opportunity on human potential.	some traits can be highly influenced by effort e. g.	height do you agree that all traits are still influenced by some amount of effort ? if so, would you not believe the maximum potential of each human is equal in value ? have you considered a person is opportunity is throughout his/her life, such as luck ? even if you have the best traits available, you may not be able to fulfill the most of your potential from no fault of your own.
The limitations of defining sentience.	i believe that our current inability to explain the nature of our self awareness is rooted in ignorance of our biology.	any precise definition of sentience can be countered by examples of beings that are basically too simple/stupid to appear sentient like us.
The complexity and physical demands of baseball.	as for mental capacity, baseball is an extremely complex sport.	throwing a ball at pro level speeds requires extraordinary arm strength and tons of drilling that boils down to physical athleticism.
Streaming quality and selection on various services.	the selection across pretty much all streaming services is crap.	streaming services like that offered by apple and google will stream a cd quality song even if you own a lower quality song.
Cost of Professional Sports Entertainment Tickets	if you want sports entertainment you should go pay professional sports entertainment.	maybe in an ideal world where sports are completely separated from education, but that is just not the reality.
The effectiveness of fire drills.	after all, experience under non life threatening drill situations hardly emulate life or death situations.	when the fire alarm goes off, as an adult, the loud sound is not going to make me freak out, freeze, or otherwise disorient me.
Libertarian views on race and discrimination.	libertarians claim that the free market or  social pressure  will eventually lead to a post racial world.	that does not mean libertarians allow racism in the form of violence and the use of force.
Doubt about human and animal evolution based on biblical beliefs.	i do not believe; however, that humans are direct descendents of any species, and i do not believe that birds and dogs for example had any common ancestor.	i am unable to refute many of the other posts here, but i remain unconvinced because i do not know how the first ancestor existed.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	this is how you feel.
Job stability for police officers.	the proposed state of affairs will diminish job stability for police officers.	it motivates good people to protect us all, who might have otherwise gone to another job for financial reasons.
Importance of Privacy in Society.	i need a logical argument not based on dangerous potential endgames, or a justification for privacy in itself beyond just that  privacy is good .	giving up so much privacy, would give the government unimaginable power over it is people.
Perceptions of the US military during the Iraq War.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	if you signed up to be a dentist in the air force would you say that you  signed up to possibly kill civilians  ? seeing combat is fairly uncommon for most military members, most of them will never engage an enemy in their entire career.
Religion and its interpretation by local communities.	to which she replied that while the text never changes the rules do and that you just ignore the text.	it is based on the scripture but it is the local community that really defines a religion.
Road safety laws and permit restrictions for cars and bikers.	with these laws i think the roads would become a much safer place for cars and bikers, and many laws will be cleared up for bikers who do not understand the law.	bicyclists are more dangerous to themselves than they are to other people.
Gender representation in politics.	is less women in politics even an issue ?	it  is  a flawed system, but if there is no better alternative, i would rather have a slightly flawed system than have a situation where no women are represented in the politics of my country or in engineering, or anything else.
Gun control in the USA.	maybe there is a deterrence factor, but are not all these recent police shootings evidence that deterrence often fails with tragic results ?	but sometimes there is no time to judge on that, and the police officer has to decide whether to risk his own life, or that of someone he is trying to arrest.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	that is, unless you are properly compensating them for their housekeeping, childcare, and administrative services.
Extended deadline and luck.	why am i lucky that a deadline was extended because of a situation out of my control ?	my guess is that he has achieved some degree of success and was told he got  lucky  but feels he earned it via handwork and sacrifices i know this feeling, and its frustrating as hell.
Discussing interpretations in literature and its relevance to education.	i get that for many people, discussing interpretations is a way of enhancing their reading experience, but what does that have to do with my education ?	not so much tolerance, but understanding of other opinions to your own can be crucial in leading a healthy lifestyle.
The dangers of introducing alcohol to children.	one reason is that you are introducing your child to a potentially harmful substance, linked to both liver and brain damage, at a time when their body and brain are still developing and are especially susceptible to damage.	in american society, alcohol is an acceptable and social drug.
Protection from discrimination and individual responsibility.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	what the government does affects everybody, what individuals do affect only few.
Comparison of economic opportunities between USA and Switzerland.	us policies reduce its citizens economic and opportunities.	extremely doubtful, you are benefiting extremely from current policies, and there is no real historic precedent for a global leader like the usa gaining anything from withdrawing completely from the global theater.
Advantages of using vans for moving compared to pickup trucks.	vans are much better for moving stuff than a pickup truck.	some bed cover designs basically give the bed a similar shape to the back of a van URL which would allow items to be stacked vertically.
Debating the ability to prove historical setbacks.	you can not prove what and who set anyone back and you ca not have serious discussions where the main premise of the discussion is  what if  and  what would happen .	religion has been a major factor, if not the most important factor in many conflicts over history.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	the government realized the flaw in this and now all  numbers are randomized.
Sleeping arrangements after a fight in a heterosexual couple.	let is assume a heterosexual couple gets into a fight because of a mistake the husband made.	sure the right to sleep in the bed is there, i am not sure anyone is denying that.
Power dynamics in economic transactions.	the buyer consumer has all the power, because he is the one who comes into the transaction with money.	you could equally state that the seller producer has all the power, because he is the one who has something that the other covets.
Reasons for having children.	why add to the rapid deterioration of our environment by bringing another human being into existence ?	because we find humanity more important than the environment.
The joy of getting married in a simple way.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	they want to invite all the relatives.
Excluding convicted criminals from welfare programs.	excluding convicted criminals would reduce the cost of welfare programs saving money for more worthy recipients.	this plan only works if you want to give them a job, or guarantee another legitimate means of making a legal living.
Limitations of an all-powerful being.	if you have an answer to that question, that same answer could be translated to the universe.	besides, humans may be a byproduct of god is plan, not the focus.
Commercialization of music and its impact on authenticity.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	my music was not created or altered by corporate influence, therefore the art itself is pure.
Neglect of pets left alone for long periods.	a pet that spends the majority of every day alone, locked in a cage, crate, or studio apartment, is a neglected animal.	i will grant you that a dog should not  literally  the majority of it is day alone but the   hours a working person is away ? my dog just sleeps.
Financial stability and selling out.	when you obviously have enough to be financially stable, everything after that is pure greed and no matter how great your work was in the past, the fact that you have lost your values undermines it.	my music was not created or altered by corporate influence, therefore the art itself is pure.
Parasitism in the financial system.	when financial wizards who contribute nothing of value for the nation are able to capture increasingly more of the nation is productivity for themselves at the expense of everyone else, that is parasitism.	can you not see any problem with expanding government spending, or any financial problems with the current spending level ? politicians on both sides are mostly rich and powerful themselves.
Death penalty and justice system.	i do not believe law abiding citizens should die so a convicted offender can prolong his or her life.	the prisoners debt to society is his/her incarceration.
Fantasy Football	as a game, ff is so bad because you are picking the guys you think are going to score the most points.	your dice example is all probability and not luck.
Debate on the Benefits of Reading Books.	a typical argument would be how much more engaging a book is because you are using your imagination to form scenes and develop characters, but i think readers generally take that concept to a level that simply does not exist.	a book can also much better describe and show what certain characters feel and think than a movie can.
Criticism of Medicalizing Opinions on Racism and Heightism	racism and height ism are both a form of sociopathy, because instead of people, you just see cartoon cutouts based on your prejudices, and that allows you to be horrible to them.	i am immensely suspicious of the medicalising of opinions.
Psychiatric diagnosis and lack of understanding of biology.	the time and effort the psychiatric institution has put in the diagnosis is less than the time and effort i myself put in as far as i can tell.	while you might be able to self diagnose successfully, self diagnosis should be discouraged in general, because the drastic majority of people will do it wrong and come to wrong conclusions.
Views on Joining the US Armed Forces During Iraq War	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	but there are many jobs and specialties in all branches of the military that are guarranteed to never see combat.
Misunderstanding of Immigration.	some one from another country using mexico as an example from here on out immigrates here one way or another for a better life.	is it wrong for her to honor her heritage ? i do not know why you think that someone honoring their heritage means they hate the us.
Perception of Reality and Universality of Sweetness	that is to say that nobody is brain is selected for directly perceiving reality.	objection ! i know it is an unpopular view amongst neuroscientists and philosophers but i bet the  sweetness of sugar , that isolated sweet sensation or qualia of  sweetness   is more or less  similar for an ant, an owl, a human and for any potential alien lifeform across the galaxy that has evolved to pick up the  fixed  electric signature of dissolved sugar molecules in liquid the identity of sugar, after all, is a universal constant.
Job opportunities for bachelor's vs master's degree holders.	i feel like a lot of jobs are given to gifted soon to be bachelors students who are just desperately waiting for paid internships to put on their application.	move around positions/companies.
Legalization of Racism and its Impact on Free Market	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	people will grow up with a life where the only people they know are the same race because they grew up in a segregated neighborhood, and attended a segregated private school, and got a job at a segregated business.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	the idea is that individual rights should still apply when you own a business.
Issues Faced by Other Alien Species.	war, more and more dangerous weapons, corporate greed, government corruption, global warming, mass extinction, these are all issues that other alien species would likely encounter.	mass extinction events are few and far between.
Criticism of Miss America pageant.	but i do not understand why these pageants are accepted and even celebrated.	becuase women  want  to compete, and people  enjoy  watching it.
Crime news and sensationalism in media.	I found that there have been more and more crime news in the society in recent years	the odds of becoming a victim of gangrape/murder/human trafficking are very, very small, and probably wo not get much smaller with surveillance.
Economic policy regarding import and export.	if we export money, we lose that money from our economy.	what should happen when capital gets exported under a floating exchange rate is that the dollar should depreciate, but that is hardly a cataclysmic event.
Economic policy regarding import and export.	if we export money, we lose that money from our economy.	in fact, if the currency does appreciate, american producers get a boost they can sell their products more cheaply abroad , american consumers take a hit in the form of higher prices , and we are right where you wanted us to be post tariff, only without the massive loss in efficiency.
Discussion on Objectivity and Taxpayer's Money	i do not care about the financial aspect on tax payers either.	you sound spiteful to the point that it calls your objectivity on the matter into question.
Income inequality and its impact on different social classes.	if the sons and daughters of the usa is white upper middle class are struggling to stay afloat, what does that say about the chances and return on investment for the white working class, much less blacks and hispanics in the inner cities?	social mobility has far more to do with education than with income inequality. aside for black and hispanic culture, which has been main cause of their poor economic performance in comparison to many other groups such as asians and jews.
Unselfishness in Embracing Partner's Sexual Desires.	the ability to embrace your partners acts of desire is the truly unselfish act.	everyone has sexual desires outside their partnership.
Societal expectations and objectification of women's bodies.	on a certain level, is not everyone selling their body ?	it is the difference between paying for the the demise of a woman, versus the accent of a man.
The Ethics of Military Combat.	another reason is when on the field, you are killing people who are on the other side of the fight than you, but these people are compete strangers.	all you know is they are on the other side so they must die.
Commercialization of music and its impact on authenticity.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	i am going to focus on this point as i am a musician, and i sometimes think about what i would do if i formed a band with money making potential.
Benefits of marriage.	aside from financial benefits, i fail to see how marriage really helps a relationship.	and symbolically it shows that  love and commitment  you highlighted as being important to raising kids.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	address the lack of mental health services in some geographic areas.
Police use of lethal firearms.	first off, why do your day to day patrol officers need lethal firearms ?	but sometimes there is no time to judge on that, and the police officer has to decide whether to risk his own life, or that of someone he is trying to arrest.
Controversy over justifying genocide and celebrating Columbus Day.	we are taught in our schools that genocide is justifiable and acceptable if we get something in return or are not disadvantaged by trying to solve for it.	second many people actually have a very idealized idea of how columbus acted, this further suggests that columbus day is not a celebration of the destruction of native cultures but instead a celebration of the spirt of exploration and discovery.
Weddings and gender roles.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	also, what is wrong with seeking attention ? if attention makes you feel happy, why deny yourself that ?.
Personal growth and sexual experience.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	a field regularly lambasted for goal posting and arbitrary measures it is not that the advice they give is bad, it is just old.
Travel options and costs for coastal cities in Alaska.	most large cities are on the coast and you are able to travel anywhere.	hiking, fishing, body surfing, wildlife photography, biking, and many other things are much easier to plan for myself when i do not have to worry about the schedule the cruise is keeping.
Misunderstandings about the meaning of equality.	anyways in trying to understand why these discussions so often breakdown i came to the conclusion that what one person considers equal another does not.	i do not think there is that big of a variance in what people think equal means.
Biological basis of sex determination.	sex is solely determined by the sex chromosome, and there is not anything else to it.	i can buy a lego set with instructions on how to make a race car and end up with a space ship if i do not follow the instructions.
Property rights and regulation.	also, who could forget the absolute travesty that was blackwater ?	so there are major problems with your examples:   take, for example, the chiquita banana company who hired paramilitary organizations to intimidate workers on their plantations in colombia.
Body image and beauty standards.	what i do not support is companies saying that real beauty is being round and curvy when in actuality, that may not be very healthy and should not be settled for.	how can you glance at a thin woman and know she is thin because of a great metabolism ? women with eating disorders, alcohol/drug addiction, cancer, or aids can be thin.
Password security and malware infection.	ideally, passwords should not be reused, and a formula should be used to generate unique passwords for each account you have.	if you have a keylogger on your computer, all bets are off.
Israel's right to retaliate against Hamas for safety.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	hamas has named terms for a  year ceasefire, and they are not unreasonable: URL  israel should not be held accountable for civilian casualties in gaza when hamas is actively trying to increase civilian casualties by firing missiles out of civilian buildings.
The art of magic and suspension of disbelief.	there is suspension of disbelief, not only for that magician but then for all magicians.	bad camera editing can reveal the secret of course, just like bad slight of hand can reveal a secret.
Objectification of Women.	the objectification of women is a very serious moral issue that does nothing but hold women at a different standard than men.	what does it mean ? if someone is sexually attractive i would say they are the exact opposite of an object, because being sexually attractive to other humans is something very distinctly  human.
Rejection and Coping with Sexual Identity.	last year, i finally mustered up the courage to ask a girl from one of my classes if she wanted to hang out but she paused and said,  do you realize you are an ugly faggot ?	i am sure you found this posting somewhat therapeutic, and further discussions about your sexual feelings and issues will only help.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	i find it far easier than trying to get the correct angle for pulling in.
Self-defense and the right to be secure in person.	if you do not want a vicious beating do not go around attacking people unjustly.	but it is logically inconsistent that being secure in your person means you get to continue beating someone who is already on the ground.
Misinformation about suicide.	these kinds of posts are easy to fake for attention.	these posts can collect a fair amount of comments trying to talk people out of it, with a nice little karma boost for the op when they change their mind.
Overpopulation and Climate Change.	every new person contributes to anthropogenic climate change.	if having children does harm to society because they do more harm then good, then would not killing adults be good for that same reason ? i think the obvious conclusion is that children are worth the cost.
Subjectivity in religious theories and science.	religious theories are not made by objective measurements of an environment we only know from our observations.	if you insist on talking about religion  as a general concept , then you have already lost.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	likewise the idea that pain is more powerful than happiness is just a point of view.
Wedding ring expenses.	the idea that you should spend half or more of a yearly income on a wedding ring is the most disgusting financial advice i have ever heard.	we are talking about just spending that much in general.
Comparison of superhero film franchises.	hero is fine, shit happens to hero, hero saves day, the end.	when i went to see the avengers, i saw it to see all the heroes interact with one another rather than the plot of loki invading new york.
The longevity and aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	but eventually, it would lose its luster.
Comparison of superhero film franchises.	hero is fine, shit happens to hero, hero saves day, the end.	wiretapping, metadata gathering, tsa, etc.
Starting something based on calendar system vs. seasons.	there is no rhyme or reason to wait until the arbitrary beginning of a calendar system to start something.	there are many things in life we have a fresh shot at on a yearly basis, because life is cyclical.
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	the woman might have consented to the restriction by virtue of having sex in a country where abortions are prohibited , but it is still a restriction.
Freedom of religion and speech.	freedom of religion is freedom from religion.	freedom of religion is the capacity to practice or not as you wish, not to force others not to practice.
Men's desire for sex and prostitution.	one reason i believe this, is that men patronize prostitutes in significant numbers and men are willing to trade things of real value like money in order to get sex.	i think men are more likely to divorce the emotional and physical components of sex than women are.
Comparison of drug use and video game playing.	i believe that drug use does not imply anything more negative about a person than playing video games does, cmv.	just as there are many successful gamers, there are many successful drug abusers.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	if you invite one friend and not another, the ones left out will feel very hurt.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	make mental health care more accessible and more affordable.
Driving etiquette and rules in the US.	the burden should be on you to get around me since i am going at or above the speed limit.	if you are in the left most lane, however, you should move over, even if you are passing yourself.
The Effects of Video Games and Dangerous Sports on People	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	what are your reasons to believe your own explanation is correct instead of these alternatives ? as someone who has played both competitive tennis and team fortress , this has not been my experience.
Agreement on the Purpose and Payment of Taxes.	if i refuse to pay taxes, i am fined.	but disagreeing with other ways in which taxes are allotted does not make the system, in its entirety,  theft.
Privacy and Email Tapping for Character Assassination.	the fact is that if we really value privacy as a right, then we should be appalled when someone is private emails or conversations are tapped for the purposes of character assassination.	it is immoral for private conversations to be released, sure, but that does not excuse the actual contents of the private conversation.
Frequency of Moving Heavy Objects.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	for this reason, i felt like it would be a waste of space to have extra seats that i usually did not use instead of more cargo space.
Cost of infrastructure maintenance and tax payment.	and the infrastructure that predates my tax paying years, i am still paying for the maintenance of.	maintenance is generally a small fraction of the cost of building it, so you are barely covering it.
Learning from reality TV shows.	lessons of trust, betrayal the art of deception can be learned from shows such as big brother and survivor.	these shows can also glamorize ignorant or sociopathic behavior.
Leadership and National Priorities.	to be successful at this, a government needs to keep a focus on the nation first, then the people, and only then any other nations or peoples.	stalin did not pause his purges because he realized he was making a mistake, he paused his purges because his best generals gave him an ultimatum.
Homelessness and Nationalism.	homelessness, try being homeless in a country where if you are homeless you have to live through fucking cold high mountain winters.	just like in the us, warmer places have more homelessness, colder places do not.
Male Privilege in Society	male do not believe they have the right to occupy more space than others.	we live in a male centric culture where male privilege does in fact exist.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	when cities seek to reduce traffic, they try to encourage more biking,  because it takes a car off the road.
Depression and its impact on others.	how rude for my depression to inconvenience the people around me.	have you asked for help ? i know it seems like a given, but being depressed myself, i have felt bitter towards certain people even though i never actually let them in.
The ethics of selling art for advertisements.	letting a company use your art for advertisements is as close to selling your soul as you can get.	i see commercials for charities, local events and places etc.
Moral and ethical beliefs conflicting with responsibility ascription.	however, i have never been fully able to reconcile my moral and ethical beliefs with the way in which responsibility is ascribed.	a victim may have made an error of judgment perhaps, but making a mistake, being naive, or lacking of foresight or predictive ability is a morally blameless state the only responsibility we have is to treat errors as learning experiences.
One-state solution and annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the one state solution, palestinians, would have a  right to vote  on israeli policies.	palestinians living in israel as israeli arabs do get to vote.
Driving regulations and traffic flow.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	insurance ? i ca not really cause that much damage.
African American culture and ancestry.	during slavery africans had their native cultures erased and came together to form a new one for all african americans.	the funny thing is, your people probably were not even considered white until very recently.
Body positivity and self-improvement for women.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	that they ca not love themselves until they lose the weight that they are life does not start until they lose the weight.
The importance of physical appearance in dating.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	humans have always been driven by looks, it is the first thing you notice about someone, there is no way around it.
Rights and Restrictions on Human Movement and Control.	i do not see how one of group of humans has the right to restrict another human is movement and intimately control their life.	yes, you forfeit certain rights when you commit a crime.
The influence of effort and opportunity on human potential.	some traits can be highly influenced by effort e. g.	g the selection criteria age for accelerated learning stops right before your birthday.
Limitations of Society's Discoveries and Importance of Evidence-Based Claims.	and so as a society, we are restricting our discoveries and inventions to the small areas of science and technology that we know about so far, that we think are credible and worthwhile.	if there is no predictability for something, then it is not useful in any way.
Police abuse and accountability.	to clarify; i think these officers abusing their uniform are repulsive.	this is like the difference between the catholic church and its history of covering up sexual abuse vs.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	it is like a video game: just get your car between the white lines.
Non-monetary ways of providing for others.	please, give me an example of something that provides for others which does not run on money.	doctors without borders requires a lot of money to keep going, but it is hard to argue that the people involved are doing it to get rich.
Faking wealth.	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	stare at it, does it make you authentically happy ? great, then frame it and now you have your piles of money that you always wanted.
Personal finance and household budgeting.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	going through the bullet pointed behaviors:  having all bank accounts in the abuser is name this hinders meaningful ongoing consent to remaining together.
Gender identity and anatomy.	the things that define what a  aman  is is essentially a penis, and likewise, a vagina for a woman anatomically and scientifically .	how do you identify that person is gender ? do you ask to inspect their genitals before you begin using gendered pronouns like he or she ? do you request a dna test so you can determine their chromosomal composition and ensure they are biologically the gender they present as ? probably not, you do what everyone else does and base your idea of their gender on how they present.
Debate on adopting a new calendar.	The world should adopt a new calendar because the old calendar is not scientific	now imagine the whole world, all the countries, businesses, schools and school years, etc, implementing a whole new calendar.
Possessiveness in relationships.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	hell, it does not even sound like you talked for very long because if you had spent any great amount of time you probably would have realized.
The pitfalls of researching atheism and religion online.	there are a thousand places, a million internet hits, which one can browse to discover facts on the athiesm/religion debate and even the specific subtopic that was discussed yesterday.	it is also too easy to cherrypick your searches  just  to include those points, or to do other mental gymnastics to avoid the fact that they may be wrong.
Comparison of Soviet and US Cartoons.	i used to watch soviet cartoons which are diametrically different from the ones produced in the us.	soviet cartoons do not impose false ideas, they are simply about humane feelings like kindness, friendship, love and courage.
Discounted prices on Steam games.	with steam and game bundles, games are often discounted to a fraction of their ordinary price.	for games not in bundles, steam sales often offer recent games for  off.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	thus god is not something relevant to science.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	guns and bombs are less damaging than their stronger spells for the most part.
Israeli-Palestinian conflict and civilian casualties.	israel should not be held accountable for civilian casualties in gaza when hamas is actively trying to increase civilian casualties by firing missiles out of civilian buildings.	hamas is not trying to increase civilian casualties, they are fighting in the land they are trying to protect.
Comparison of Soviet and US Cartoons.	i used to watch soviet cartoons which are diametrically different from the ones produced in the us.	it broadens children is imagination rather than stunts it.
Comparison of economic opportunities between USA and Switzerland.	us policies reduce its citizens economic and opportunities.	where in the world ca not you find a coke ? a marlboro ? a budweiser ? it is our global reach is what rustles jimmies.
Criticism of using outdated arguments in cultural context.	i do not think the argument that he was revolutionary for his time a good one either.	in what sense was he not revolutionary ? i mean, he did beget christianity, which did revolutionize rome and europe.
Controversy over the use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	if you know the reasons why it is considered offensive and choose to use it anyways, you are  choosing  to use it to offend people.
Gun violence and its impact on society.	not to mention the amount of people who die each year due to violence with the use of guns and firearms such as mass killings of innocent lives.	guns are tools.
The quality of humor in comic strips.	the comic is comedy or sentimental value is also objectively low.	instead we read to see beloved characters acting out some one note plot over four frames.
Objectification of women.	we view each others as items that can be disregarded at a moments notice.	i wish it were like that but unfortunately i ca not click  purchase  when i spot a hot lady.
Philosophy on Asceticism and Personal Responsibility.	most people are not, and should not be, ascetics who withdraw from the world.	people can meditate for a hour in the morning and still be quite involved.
Benefits of Taking a Cruise	cruises are also full of activities to keep yourself and your kids occupied during the trip.	if i had traveled by boat, it would have taken so long that i would have spent the whole vacation in transit and not had any time to see israel.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	it is asking  did you understand what we did in class and can you get this correct  rather than asking  what did not you understand and where can we grow.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	i am going to just say that this is your experience and that does not speak for the crowd.
Criticism of Miss America pageant.	but i do not understand why these pageants are accepted and even celebrated.	now you are going to tell me the body i have is irrelevant ? it means  a lot  to me.
Charitable giving and personal sacrifices.	many charities that you may donate to pay their employees and ceo is ridiculous salaries.	if they effectively run the charity then it is a necessary expense that provides value.
Household chores and responsibilities.	you now would have to do all that shit on your own.	therefore in the absence of additional work raising a child i think it is highly unlikely that a non working spouse is actually  working   hours per week.
Learning from reality TV shows.	lessons of trust, betrayal the art of deception can be learned from shows such as big brother and survivor.	that is not a good lesson.
Religious justifications for violence in literature.	what other fashion can you justify genocide, bigotry and forced conversion other than proclaiming that your message is about peace and love ?	this is not unique to christianity by any means.
Responsibility of victims in bullying situations.	instead of blaming the bully, you blame the victim.	let is look back to your example, usually the idea behind those advocating for the blame the bully solution is that once the kid hits back the bully will stop hitting the kid.
Dieting and Burning Calories.	that would take hours to burn off, even with incredibly strenuous exercise and might lead you to give up on your diet for that day.	throwing up more often not only increases your risk of esophageal cancer needlesly what is more important to you, removing those  kcal or increasing your risk of cancer ? and can also cause esophageal punctures, which if not treated immediately leads to death.
Weddings and gender roles.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	just because something is short, does not mean that it is a waste of money.
Accountability for civilian casualties in Gaza.	israel should not be held accountable for civilian casualties in gaza when hamas is actively trying to increase civilian casualties by firing missiles out of civilian buildings.	it is essentially a cull, where the bombings and invasion damage hamas in the short term while increasing hamas support in gaza over the long term.
Legal implications of cohabitation versus marriage.	if for some reason we do not work out i want to keep what i have worked hard to earn, and not be responsible for any debts she may still have.	if you live together you cohabitate, and the law does not really distinguish that from marriage.
Agreement on the Purpose and Payment of Taxes.	if i refuse to pay taxes, i am fined.	even if you disagreed with taxes in their entirety, it would not make the system akin to theft just because you have an ideological disagreement with their purpose.
Jesus and Moses' Role as Scribe in Writing Laws	jesus stating that moses wrote laws, instead of being purely seen as god is scribe.	which is it ? what about parts of the  old law  that as per the bible, god directly weighs in on like killing someone for picking up sticks on the wrong day of the week ? are they  still  not part of  god is law  ? by what means can we determine if your interpretation of all of these things is the correct one, as opposed to another interpretation with the same quality of reasoning and evidence, but which is contradictory ? this is the same jesus that instructs people to keep to at least some of the ten commandments explicitly, right ? is there at least some overlap between the  law of god  and mosaic law in your view ? or what ? this is the same paul who said eating bacon was fine, when jesus said otherwise, right ? how do you know paul is correct here, even assuming the text is an accurate representation of events ? this is also the same paul that, according to the text, demonstrates some seriously contradictory behavior and statements regarding the old law and circumcision with respect to christians, right ? well, it almost certainly was not moses, because based on historical evidence it is insanely unlikely that he existed as the bible describes, or that he wrote the pentateuch as tradition would suggest.
Gender inequality and consumerism.	men are the overwhelming consumers, and women are the overwhelming workers.	if it is not inevitable, could not the gendered division of buyers and sellers actually be the  result  of a lack of gender equality ? indeed, the underlying reason for the current situation is pretty simple: female sexuality is accorded value by society, while male sexuality is not.
Minimum wage and its impact on prices.	the problem is, you would still, as tax payers be subsidizing their expenses, but instead in the form of higher prices.	there are many people at walmart that make  more  than minimum wage, and their salaries do not have to increase.
Religion as a Scapegoat for Logic and Knowledge.	people try to use their  religion  as a scapegoat for logic, reason, and the pursuit of knowledge; i. e.	let me take this point by point.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	everybody has to decide for themselves, if the relationship they are having is meaningful to them, because you ca not judge it objectively.
Contradiction in treatment of mutants in Marvel Universe.	at the moment, there is a weird contradiction where mutants are supposed to be  hated and feared  by everyone, but there are tons of other superheroes who seem exactly like mutants spider man, for example who do not ever worry about stuff like that.	have you seen how ny has treated spider man throughout his tenure ? he is frequently feared and seen as a menace by most of the city at any given time.
Punishment for rape and other crimes.	in my mind, the rapist is not punished like the other criminals, as he can continue to live with the spoils of his crime.	they are in the mind of a criminal, they know how they tick.
Benefits of being overweight in social interactions.	i have found being overweight allows me to more quickly understand another person i am interacting with.	second, i really do not believe that you are able to judge someones personality from merely interacting with them while being fat.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	while i agree that you create a new family, you also do not leave behind your old one.
Sexism in video games.	if its actually a problem i want to see the statiscs, the science, etc that allows me to concede that video games need to change.	this is an issue of empathy and understanding more than some scientific proof that we need to formulate.
Pros and cons of using one-time keys.	one time keys are nice, because even if you get tricked by a fake login form, or a keylogger, or something, the attacker wo not be able to use the key you gave them.	one time keys are a pain to use.
Transparency and legitimacy of large jackpots.	why do we not doubt the legitimacy of other large jackpots ?	i think identification to claim any winnings should be required, and a list of all identified winners, locations sold, and dates should be available to the public at all times.
Responsibility to inform about infidelity.	as a continuation, i believe the right thing for c to do is to inform b of a is infidelity regardless.	but by doing so, you are knowingly hurting the person who is getting cheated on.
Defining American White Culture and Stereotypical Black Culture.	i would define american white culture as separate from  black  culture as the stereotypical black  thug life  culture.	nothing of the sort exists of white people in america.
Musical talent comparison between Page and Peart.	no one picks up a guitar and shreds solos like page.	they get far more respect than they really deserve.
Real names and consequences for online behavior.	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	yes, but what about all of the other ideas that would be eliminated that are not racist, homophobic, etc.
Animal consent and ethical implications of animal products.	an animal cannot consent to a sexual act being performed on it, as animals cannot speak or otherwise show desire for humans.	they ca not consent to sacrificing their lives so that people can have cheeseburgers.
Islamophobia and Racism Debate.	however, sociologists consider islamophobia to be a type of racism, despite islam not being a race.	robots are no human beings, they are not even animals.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	in school you are still children.
Benefits and drawbacks of reality TV and Gordon Ramsay's behavior.	reality tv is also a great source of knowledge on different cultures and societies that a regular person might have not got the chance to stumble across.	most of the depictions of foreign cultures or obscure subcultures i see on reality tv are highly stereotyped, and not a great source of knowledge at all.
Overpopulation and Climate Change.	every new person contributes to anthropogenic climate change.	bringing potential persons into the world is, at present, detrimental to actual persons.
Laughing at disabilities and personality traits.	i am not offended or anything, but there is just something in me that says  laughing at autistic people is wrong .	are you saying that it is bad to laugh at personality traits ? what if someone is otherwise normal but socially awkward; is it suddenly okay ? i have a two month old, and i laugh at the things she does or is unable to do; am i a bad person ? the things i laugh at are out of her control and a result of her current neurological state.
The meaning of life.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	why does this mean your life is pointless ? it had a point  to you.
Contradiction in treatment of mutants in Marvel Universe.	at the moment, there is a weird contradiction where mutants are supposed to be  hated and feared  by everyone, but there are tons of other superheroes who seem exactly like mutants spider man, for example who do not ever worry about stuff like that.	in addition, it is pretty well known among the marvel universe that spider man is not a mutant even by civilians.
Police and injustice in American society.	therefore, a cop who operates in an unjust framework is automatically waging war against you.	you write:   but even if you do not think that, insofar as american law and society are promoting any kind of injustice, then the analogy holds, because then cops become the ground soldiers and enforcers of that injustice.
Men's rights to opt out of child support.	men should be able to opt out of supporting a child.	this is an action that is likely to require judicial oversight, resulting in at best bureaucratic form filling and a paternity test and, at worst, court intervention if the severance is contested.
Challenges with Arab Muslim perceptions of Westerners.	i understand that not all arabic muslims want my head on a platter, but enough do to constantly have struggles over there.	it is absolutely not a healthy view, nor one that really solves anything.
Severity of punishment for unintentional wrongdoings.	If a person does something wrong unintentionally, he should not be punished very severely	he does not have an incentive to modify behavior.
Comparison of intellectual merit between reading and watching.	reading something like  fifty shades of grey  is not intellectually superior to watching something like  hiroshima mon amour.	yes, but watching rush hour  is not intellectually superior to reading tom sawyer or jane austen.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	on a bike, i am far more out of your way and i am not causing any gridlock or bottleneck.
Gun control and government tyranny.	if there are either no guns or very limited types of guns in the us there can be no effective defense against a tyrannical government.	apathy is a much bigger threat to american politics than tyranny.
Job market and wages in China.	the competition is extremely high for all kinds of jobs hence why salaries are pressed down, especially for entry level positions.	it increases the tax base.
Racial division and forced relocation due to trade sanctions.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	do you have anything to support that ? the non racist camp would also have economic advantages such as lower labor costs.
The Complexity of Racism.	racism stems from negative stereotypes that are trumped up and oppress a people in a certain group.	but these costumes typically reduce the differences and cultural history and values of all native americans down into a watery soup of stereotypes and misinformation.
Morality of killing in military service.	by enlisting in the military, you have agreed to kill someone on behalf of the cause for which that military is fighting.	if you disagree with either of the above, we can discuss that.
Feasibility of a classless society and job distribution.	proponents of a classless society: how do you realistically see the society functioning so that the  hard  jobs are not all vacant ?	so, why would anyone work for years to excel in a field when they do not get paid any more than a laborer i assume that equal income is part of your  classless society ? for the same reason that, today, everyone does not take high paying, low skill, physically demanding jobs oil field work, for instance : they would not enjoy the work and making less money is worth the loss of income.
Pronunciation of Latin phrases in English.	us/english pronunciations of latin phrases show the speaker is complete ignorance of how sounds are formed in romance languages.	i should  always  use the one which will make my meaning clear to the people i am trying to communicate to, even if that pronunciation is not  correct  per the rules of spoken latin.
Criticism of Environmental Hypocrisy in Private Jet Use	i have never heard these guys advocate the ban of private jets.	if he  really  wants to help the environment, then he should start by doing things that people should emulate.
Psychiatric diagnosis and lack of understanding of biology.	the time and effort the psychiatric institution has put in the diagnosis is less than the time and effort i myself put in as far as i can tell.	however, there is no shortage of people who lack the background to understand even the most basic facts of biology in context.
Importance of intimacy in sexual relationships.	sex is a very powerful action that does not necessarily have to be used for conception every time, but should only be used between two very close people.	no more dangerous or unhealthy than whole slew of other, readily accepted behaviors.
Batman's branding and theme.	branding; that is why all of batman is gadgets are so heavily bat themed, and in the earlier versions of batman even had a bat prefix.	its his thing.
City's policy on transportation balance.	the other argument is that the city is gouging drivers.	what better things to you have to do that does not involve getting to work, getting to a grocery store, going to a school, or traveling to see other people ? are you suggesting people never leave their houses ? and they must grow their own food rather than go pick up groceries ? under paying for what ? have you ever ridden in a school bus or on a public transit bus ? did you pay your fair share for benefitting from the roadway ? have you ever walked or bicycle somewhere ? how did you pay your fair share for using public roads those times ? have you every bought a food item, article of clothing, or other object ? how do you think those objects get to your favorite store without someone driving them in a truck to local retailers ? everything around you was put there because it arrived in the back of some motorized vehicle.
Controversy over new gender identities.	making up new genders, like genderqueer, is pretty confusing to me.	whether you are a man or a woman is a gender identity whereas whether a society expects a man or a woman to play with dolls is a gender role.
Requirements for driving on public roads.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	why do not bicyclists have these same restrictions and obligations to use those same roads ? two reasons: first, because improper use of a bicycle is likely to only injure the bicycle user, while improper use of a car can injure and kill innocent bystanders.
Blackface and Offense in Modern Times	being offended by someone who had painted is face black is dumb as the original issues with are not relevant nowadays.	hell, a lot of blackface performers were black people.
"Piracy in the Music Industry"	the music industry has brought piracy on itself.	on the other end you just have raintee is work word for word.
Debate on whether alcohol-facilitated sex is rape.	but there is a push escalating trivial hookups to rape.	as in laws, policies, or academic schools of thought that believe that  any  sex  at all  while under the influence of alcohol is  automatically  and  unequivocally  rape, and should be prosecuted as such, regardless of the consent of either party or their history.
Limitations of an all-powerful being.	if you have an answer to that question, that same answer could be translated to the universe.	such as can he create an indestructible wall that he cannot break no matter how much he tried ? or can he create a box which makes it impossible for him to know what is happening inside ?  all powerful  can simply mean  most powerful being that is logically possible.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	all he did was put them in a specific order.
Vegetarian consumers and their relevance to companies.	as a vegetarian, you are not the consumer and therefore you are not of interest to them.	and as far as fighting for something achievable through what they are doing, vegetarians/vegans help make vegetarianism/veganism more socially acceptable and a more accessible option for everyone else, thus making it easier for others to reduce or eliminate their meat consumption.
The effectiveness of tariffs in reducing importation.	i think other methods of reducing importation would either create a black market or be horribly inefficient.	in fact, if the currency does appreciate, american producers get a boost they can sell their products more cheaply abroad , american consumers take a hit in the form of higher prices , and we are right where you wanted us to be post tariff, only without the massive loss in efficiency.
Discussion on sexuality and LGBTQ+ events.	however, when i go to gay pride, i notice the whole thing is very sexual with lewd performances and so on.	in czech republic, there is a whole week of cultural, sporting, hiv awareness and other events URL before the parade itself.
Definition of Universal Rights.	to clarify, i am defining a  right  as a guarantee of access to a commodity or state of being, without necessarily referring to a legal structure.	a broad definition of rights are:  rights are entitlements not to perform certain actions, or not to be in certain states; or entitlements that others not perform certain actions or not be in certain states.
The rationality of betting on God's existence.	betting on there being a god is the smart decision because there might be a pay off, while atheism has no reward.	let is consider leprechaun gold at the end of the rainbow, it will be more profitable if this is real correct ? so by the logic of your view, the average person will honestly and sincerely believe that at the end of every rainbow, there is literally and by all means really, a pot of gold, and this affirmation of belief was based  solely  on the idea that if the gold does exist then it will be more profitable than non existing.
Religion in Politics and State Institutions.	religion in politics is, in many cases, harmful and oppressive, such as banning gay marriage or banning abortion, using religion as a justification.	the prayer banner is going to affect nothing that harms anyone, and america is not going to turn into a theocracy just because of a prayer banner.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	lucas has always wanted to innovate and develop film technology and use set pieces to sell the tech.
The concept of being an ally.	in essence, declaring yourself to be an ally outsources your moral reasoning to the group with which you have allied, and i cannot imagine any reason to do that.	if the movement as a whole ends up going in a direction that i do not support, i will cease supporting it.
Criticism of Environmental Hypocrisy in Private Jet Use	i have never heard these guys advocate the ban of private jets.	he is undermining his entire message.
Treatment of drug addiction as a public health issue.	i think that drug addiction should be treated as a public health issue rather than a criminal problem.	what is your point ? what does this have to do with welfare recipients ? they do not get charged with anything for failing a drug test.
Real Names and Consequences for Online Behavior	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	people living in oppressive regimes cannot speak out about it online if they are forced to use their real name, under fear of death.
Ethics and Accountability of Insurance Companies	how is insurance companies  need to make a profit a defensible claim for higher premium ?	the demographics who get involved in more accidents ie.
Neglect of pets left alone for long periods.	a pet that spends the majority of every day alone, locked in a cage, crate, or studio apartment, is a neglected animal.	if i work from home, he goes into his crate and sleeps most of the day.
Controversy over the use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	you are actively  not being accepting  by insisting that you should be allowed to use the word without people being offended.
Gun violence and its impact on society.	not to mention the amount of people who die each year due to violence with the use of guns and firearms such as mass killings of innocent lives.	but unlike conventional tools, they can be used for a whole slew of purposes.
Challenges faced by atheists in society.	no one knows what your religious views are unless you tell them.	some are known for being extremely pushy and intolerant, and it goes without saying, intolerant of atheism.
Native American history and conquest by Europeans.	conflict was aplenty before the usa was founded, and i do not feel the indians were innocent victims because of this.	but let is say all your points are true maybe they were fair losers in a dog eat dog game.
The concept of free will in relation to heaven and afterlife.	when you consider the christian view of heaven being a place where  sin  does t exist then there is no free will, not really since you can only choose to do the  right  action.	it would be existence below what we had before.
Gun ownership as a solution to women's self-defense disadvantage.	on average, women are less capable at defending against a physical attack than their male counterparts.	the goal of the state should be to reduce the number of physical confrontations, and to try to make the ones that occur less dangerous.
Criticism of Overly Politically Correct Language and Trolls.	basically you ca not even read/post anything regarding one gender without having people accuse you of being cis sexist and expanding your post to include other genders.	now i am not say every wanna be professional umbrage taker is trolling but there seem to be more and more of them out there now that they seem to get more media attention.
Depression and its impact on others.	how rude for my depression to inconvenience the people around me.	there is a choice.
Protection from discrimination and individual responsibility.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	the objection is that your personal time and money should not be required for someone else to exercise their right.
Legalization of Racism and Free Market Reaction.	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	in other words, a society that will produce segregated businesses, will also produce politicians and political parties that will enforce segregation and pass racist laws.
Polygamy as a recognized form of marriage.	when we last redefined marriage with no fault divorce, divorce rates skyrocketed and a number of problems worsened.	back when divorce numbers were lower, people felt forced to stay in unhealthy and even dangerous marriages because society thought it was improper for them to marry.
Prevention of unhealthy habits.	a smoker working on preventing kids from lighting up is probably right, and even might have a deep insight on the matter.	if they ca not follow their own beliefs about what others should do, then others should fine another source of morals.
The admiration of reading compared to other media consumption.	i am especially interested to see if anyone can explain why reading is  admirable.	i think you are hyperbolizing how much reading is admired, and consumption of other media is not.
Pronunciation and Nationalism.	i am aware i am in a particular country that speaks english a certain way, but to completely discount alternate and, in many cases, the original pronunciation as  wrong  seems nationalistic at best and conceited at worst.	but this may lead to increasing problems with mutual intelligibility, and in any case, is not normal social functioning.
Excluding convicted criminals from welfare programs.	excluding convicted criminals would reduce the cost of welfare programs saving money for more worthy recipients.	do you realize that convicted criminals have a  much  harder time finding work ? furthermore, they missed out on gaining or maintaining marketplace skills and will be further disadvantaged.
Unhealthy lifestyle habits and misconceptions about food intake.	i would eat massive amounts of junk food, never get exercise, and basically use my computer all day during my free time.	you do not lose weight by eating healthy food, you lose weight by eating less food and it is much easier to eat less food than to find the time and place to burn off the excess.
"Piracy in the Music Industry"	the music industry has brought piracy on itself.	not to mention as people left piracy and started paying for music seeders would start to disappear.
Use of force in a situation.	you should only use the minimum amount of force as is necessary to escape the situation.	if you do not train that, things like punching full force happen when you truly panic.
Israel's invasion of Gaza.	and the invasion of gaza is unjustified as well as impractical.	in addition, instead of using donated materials to build bomb shelters for their people they built millions of dollars of the terror tunnels i mentioned above.
Relevance of the effects of slavery and oppression.	i understand that centuries of slavery and oppression have left a palpable effect, but we are decades removed from that.	the legacies of institutional racism are alive and well, with their effects being felt by black people everywhere.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	why ? because ssns are sensitive and need protected.
Reasons for having a suspended driver's license.	the reason is, an offence to have your licence suspended is pretty big in the original instance.	i ca not think of a place off the top of my head where it is not a felony at least on par with your second dui or reckless.
Visual appeal of text posts on Reddit.	a text post, on the other hand, just looks like reddit.	even if the admin does not outright block reddit, every url you visit will be in a log somewhere.
Hospital Checkups and Physicals	I think regular hospital checkups are a consumption trap.	finally, the gp can do a general level physical so that things you do not know about might be found before it is too late  sometimes when you know you have a problem, you are already on the path to visit st.
Higher education requirements for police officers.	requiring police officers to have higher education prerequisites would increase the reputation/public opinion of the police force across america.	how does a college degree accomplish this ? people fear the police not because they believe the police are uneducated, but because the police are actually doing harmful things.
Surveillance and Free Speech	years down the road, people expressing negative thoughts about the president will be seen as a  national threat , giving the government legal means to seize them.	not the government.
Living conditions in Africa.	africa was, and still is, a pretty awful place to live in.	they had their own society.
Religious justifications for violence in literature.	what other fashion can you justify genocide, bigotry and forced conversion other than proclaiming that your message is about peace and love ?	the bible can be used to justify all sorts of bullshit, but i ca not find much to criticize about anything attributed to christ.
The ethics of suicide and societal intervention.	if you have committed no crimes against someone else, nor infringed upon their rights, society has no right to stop you from taking your own life if that is what you so choose.	unless you are completely alone in the world committing suicide hurts everyone connected to you.
Processing mathematical information.	so the way we process mathematical info is different to the way we process other types of information ?	if a person is able to understand such a state, they must, by nature of being able to reflect on it, have attained that state.
Comparison of wind, solar, and nuclear power.	wind and solar power are great but nuclear power is more reliable and produces far more power.	this is because energy generated on site ca not typically be replaced with electrical energy.
Regulations for bicyclists on public roads.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	testing has done nothing, at least in the us to prevent this as far as i am concerned.
Experience of reading and editing on a computer.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	with my laptop, i can use a wide variety of programs, many of which are not compatible with tablets.
Airline seat reclining etiquette.	additionally, my employer expects me to get work done and pays for wifi.	the seats are intended to allow reclining and resting during flight.
The ethics of selling art for advertisements.	letting a company use your art for advertisements is as close to selling your soul as you can get.	he works in a office all day but on the weekends he has a part time job teaching kids piano.
The authenticity of social media posts regarding mental health.	these kinds of posts are easy to fake for attention.	sometimes someone will invite creators of these posts to talk to them personally through email or text.
The concept of free will in relation to heaven and afterlife.	when you consider the christian view of heaven being a place where  sin  does t exist then there is no free will, not really since you can only choose to do the  right  action.	the way i understand christian heaven is that you will be bathed in the light of god, and that will give you happiness.
Eating cats and dogs to fight poverty and hunger.	there is no more health risk from eating a healthy cat/dog than there is from eating any other animal.	wild game does have health risks greater than farm raised meat as it is more susceptible to disease and parasites.
Advantages of digital clocks over traditional clocks.	but those clocks have been in a decline for a long time now.	digital clocks are better since its faster to read the minutes as a number.
Traffic control in the city with tolls.	the road with the highest traffic in my city is the massive interstate leading into the city.	but they are charging the drivers the tolls not your destination.
Accountability for civilian casualties in Gaza.	israel should not be held accountable for civilian casualties in gaza when hamas is actively trying to increase civilian casualties by firing missiles out of civilian buildings.	does this sound just ? all of your arguments are based on the idea that palestine hamas, and so whatever happens to palestinians, regardless of their involvement, is justified.
Impact of BitTorrent on music and media industries.	distributed networks are harder to do in every regard.	bitcoin may be next, and if it does not have an effect on the financial industry, the underlying technology can be used for a lot of other things that fit a transaction model.
Police and injustice in American society.	therefore, a cop who operates in an unjust framework is automatically waging war against you.	so, any injustice is therefore carte blanche for violence.
Debate on abortion and rights of the fetus.	which should not be valid because youre killing another body. which should have rights.	we might think of fetuses as clumps of cells, no more morally weighty than my little finger for example.
The concept of amorality in society.	i think that what we call  amoral  is a huge misnomer;  amoral  is just a social contract we agree upon for the sake of ourselves and our society, rather than intrinsic right and wrong.	just because they are changing as society evolves does not mean they do not exist.
Israel's methods for rooting out weapons caches.	israel could root out weapons caches using methods that are far less likely to kill civilians even if those methods were less effective, since the actual risk to israeli lives would still be minuscule.	while it is sad that many have to die their fault is vastly reduced in that they have been left in an impossible situation.
The ethics of a sociopath in politics.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	he might start a war purely because he thinks it would be  good  for the young men to get to shoot other people, or huddle in trenches while bombs fall, and so on.
Society's stance on punishment for criminals.	the most we can do is agree as a society that we do not want certain kinds of people in our society.	it is easy to ignore the past when you do not care about the criminal or the victim, but the past matters, and people want revenge that is sometimes justified, sometimes not.
Travel options and costs for coastal cities in Alaska.	most large cities are on the coast and you are able to travel anywhere.	there are also some places in the world that it would take so long to travel to by boat that it would almost not be worth making the trip.
Risks of saving nude photos on phone.	i do not see any sort of reward for saving nude photos on your phone.	reward and risk are not intrinsically related.
The limitations of ethical consumerism in addressing climate change.	whether or not florida is sunk by rising sea levels is not a triviality that should be left to making sure you buy the right soy sauce.	contributing, even in a small way, towards a better environment.
Gun control and government tyranny.	if there are either no guns or very limited types of guns in the us there can be no effective defense against a tyrannical government.	what about all the democratic countries with gun control ? canada, the uk, germany, japan, australia.
The insignificance of one's actions over time.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	you might mean nothing.
Controversy over medical care choices.	some people do not get vaccinated and live long healthy lives and some people do and the same thing happens.	what is your view on other medical care ? there are parents who have let their child die by relying strictly on prayer.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if i were to drive at the speed limit, i would be a road hazard.	they are lower than the speed at which you can drive safely, and they do not take into account how everyone else drives.
Morality and belief in God.	without a god there is no reason not rape and murder.	the secular rationalist in me wants to resolve this by saying that what matters is human happiness, flourishing, etc.
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	and i know her hangouts, these are not the places you would want to be seen come daylight.
Modern art and its connection to meaning.	same is true with a lot of modern art.	while anyone can make a meme, far fewer people spend the time and effort to really analyze, think about, and respond to art in a thoughtful way, and so many people are willing to pay a premium to own a part of this ongoing conversation between artists.
Challenges of mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.	why are we trying to push btc mainstream ?	yes, bitcoin is in a very early adoption phase.
The futility of prolonging life and immortality.	that is why i say that trying to prolong life is absolutely useless.	this would be a much better way to spend our time and resources, by actively trying to become a better and happier society, where death is just part of the cycle, with no taboos attached to it.
The Purpose and Design of Tests.	i think the purpose of a test is to approximate your ability to understand the material that test is over.	they test your ability to apply your knowledge to longer form problems that might require significant research or lots of thinking time things you ca not do in a  hour exam.
Teaching life skills in schools.	people have a responsibility to be able to take care of themselves.	we learn this, not to prepare us for our lives, but to provide a level of common knowledge so that we can all communicate with each other effectively, understand and contextualise important information, and ultimately, progress as a civilisation.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	your perspective is not wrong, it just  labels creativity as mutually exclusive from greed, and  conflates creativity with development without considering the possibility of each on their own.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	i really disagree with this.
Gender equality and shared responsibility in society.	i just think that the system should be fair to both sexes.	i would agree, but the problem you are complaining about simply does not exist.
The effectiveness of self-preservation in conflicts.	i think that self preservation of one is life will trump all of these reasons.	since there is no legal precedent for retaliatory revenge/vigilante murder, it would be unlikely that the law would allow the cheater to wake up from his coma/concussion and come after jesse with a gun because the existential threat has passed.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	it is a result of all the  other  people who ask her what she was wearing, or how much she had to drink, or whether she would been  leading him on , or otherwise want to know how she could have prevented it and protected herself better.
Pay discrepancy between hard and easy jobs.	people working  hard  jobs will always be paid more than those working  easier  jobs.	the way jobs are valued in your area is not the same everywhere.
Taboos on certain tattoo types.	tattoos are not just for gang members and social outcasts.	it intimidates members of the public, it looks gang related.
Dangers of religion and ideology.	religion and ideology can cause normal people to do horrible things.	i think you would find a hell of a lot of differences between the islam practiced by isis, boko haram, and the taliban.
Gender and racial categories in sports.	i think if sports are broken up into male/female categories for fairness then sports should also be broken up into racial categories for fairness.	the us military has allowed women to train to fight finally.
Patents and Copyright as Property.	however, patents and copyright are not  property  in the sense that cars are.	it is the same as selling a stock.
Police shooting of Michael Brown.	michael brown was selected at random by the officer.	but i do not see any reason to believe that the officer approach michael brown with the intent to kill him initially.
Marriage as a Necessity.	i do not think marriage is needed to have sex, prove your love or even have kids.	i am not sure what happened to it, but i think if marriage was defined as  two people living together in a committed relationship for the long term,  then marriages exist with or without the state is recognition.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	it seems you are assuming health always equals thin, everyone wants thin, you can tell health at a glance, etc.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	it is all a matter of perspective.
Contradiction in treatment of mutants in Marvel Universe.	at the moment, there is a weird contradiction where mutants are supposed to be  hated and feared  by everyone, but there are tons of other superheroes who seem exactly like mutants spider man, for example who do not ever worry about stuff like that.	understanding the difference in the way society treats them.
Use of force in a situation.	you should only use the minimum amount of force as is necessary to escape the situation.	i agree with pretty much your entire scenario, excepting this.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	i had an instructor who was an officer part time and his take on mace was  well you have got this pissed off guy making a scene and threatens you, so you mace him.
Equality and Fair Treatment of Marginalized Groups.	criticize the action rather than the person.	they  knew  the education system was unfair.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	something will have to go if we do not expand into the universe.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	your calculations could be responsible for lives, lots of money, or any other number of important things.
Use of Neutral Language in Progressive Discourse.	those of a progressive persuasions also replace words felt to have a nasty connotation, such as  prostitute , with bland,  neutral  terms such as  sex worker  which of course are not neutral, but seek to reinforce the author is opinion in one way or another .	a phrase ca not be entirely neutral, when it serves as the opposite of an  incorrect  phrase, such as prostitution, which in our language implies both passivity women getting  prostituted  by third parties , and criminality compare phrases like:  sodomy ,  bribery.
Adversarial nature of taking government agents to grand jury.	if a government agent is put before a grand jury for a crime, the prosecutor and the accused are both playing for the same team.	thus the threat of the grand jury returning no true bill is a powerful check against the prosecutor pursuing bad cases in the first place, kinda like how airport security stops people from even attempting to bring guns on planes.
Democracy and Individual Rights	the  people  in such a system no longer have the power, which is what a democracy is supposed to be.	imo the best way to counter this would be to reduce federalized power, and give much more to states/provinces, localities and in particular municipalities and even smaller regional councils within municipalities.
Police heroism and community service.	i would like to see more videos of police rescuing children from blazing fires, and helping out the impoverished.	i am a  year old white guy and  i  do not trust the police.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	plenty of people beat and abuse their children even as they share a last name.
Misalignment of School and Financial Years with Calendar Years.	school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years.	that brings me to my main point: everybody is used to the gregorian calendar.
Achievement and Taking Action	what would  wouldoing my best  achieve that i do not already have ?	i am similar to them as well, so i know why the do all those things.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	who gives a fuck about switzerland ? the landlocked, marginal population who is current global contributions are chocolate and watches ? the usa brings change everywhere.
Complexity of the American Legal System	i am not a fan of extreme simplification, but i think the american legal system has gotten out of hand in complexity.	could that be a bicycle ? a wheelchair ? shopping cart ? stroller ? rollerblades ? a pogo stick ? a car ? truck ? motorcycle ? snowmobile ? a rolling suitcase ? so you would have to refine that language.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	this hurts men.
Leadership and National Priorities.	to be successful at this, a government needs to keep a focus on the nation first, then the people, and only then any other nations or peoples.	at the level of nations, this is all you have.
Criticism of computer-edited music genres.	also, the computer fixed vocals and edited instruments just does not make these people any more like able.	the notion that all rap is about  money, sex, drugs, cars, etc.
Gay dating apps and promiscuity.	my friend has an account on grindr, he often gets people popping up and straight asking him for sex with no flirting or dating.	thus, many gay people were forced to express their sexuality in less candid ways, including engaging in casual sex where the two partners barely knew each other and were unlikely to meet again and thus unlikely to ruin each others  public image.
Monitoring and regulating illegal online activity.	no human sees any images or communication that is not illegal except in cases of false positive.	in fact it is probably more comprehensive than humans only.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	i also recognize that ethics and personal values are highly subjective.	in that case, not doing what those propositions say is good means doing something immoral you do not need a religious or political authority for that.
Comparison between beer and wine.	there are more things you can vary with beer than you can with wine.	grapes and vines are much more susceptible to changes in climate than grain.
Spoilers and their impact on people.	if you do not care about the show, why get all uppity if you now know the ending ?	sometimes you need to invoke spoilers if you want a friend to be interested in a show or a book.
Criticism of Oppression Model in Social Phenomena	the model works okay for explaining a lot of social phenomena, but is inherently simplistic usually requiring an oppressing group and an oppressed group.	and there is no such thing as a  sj movement.
Preventing teen pregnancies and dropouts.	we could spend more time teaching safe sex and avoiding teen pregnancies, which lead to drop outs.	like, were you actually given lessons on how to put your penis in a hole or something ? the problem is that there is really nothing that homosexual people do that straight people ca not do.
Learning from reality TV shows.	lessons of trust, betrayal the art of deception can be learned from shows such as big brother and survivor.	most of the depictions of foreign cultures or obscure subcultures i see on reality tv are highly stereotyped, and not a great source of knowledge at all.
Advantages and limitations of using tablets for reading.	a tablet saves trees, carbon dioxide, etc, but reducing the amount of paper that would normally be printed out.	sure, you could argue that the creation of a tablet uses important nonrenewable resources, but i would say that the tablet has other advantages, and environmental reasons are not the sole advantage.
Criticism of Anime Tropes and Historical Context.	i find the tropes of anime very inane, everyone looks the same, people are too serious or too wacky, the animation is clunky same expressions , the subject matter is very bizarre and i ca not stand most of the characters.	i think you need to understand the historical context why anime became popular.
Corporate liability for death and officer bans.	death: any and all officers active at the time of the incident are permanently banned from participating in that corporation.	what we need is for people to exercise some personal responsibility two words i know most people hate.
Realization of someone's true nature.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	would you have sex with a hot girl during that period if she initiated it ? i know i would.
Protection against discrimination and constitutional rights.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	you sound very authoritarian, expecting everyone else to live and adhere to your worldview as you see it very subjectively.
Distracted driving and car safety warnings.	not being able to hear warnings their car is giving them.	lip reading or a simple pad of paper can be used for this.
Concerns about mixed-gender bathrooms.	there are already unisex and family bathrooms some places that are used with no complaint.	god/evolution saw fit to make us gendered.
Debating fairness and principles of same-sex marriage legalization.	on what principle would we act to include same sex marriage that would not be unfair towards other types of relationships like same sex throuples or polygamists, etc ?	was it unfair to allow interracial marriage without also allowing same sex marriage ? do you think we should have waited to legalize interracial marriage until we could also legalize same sex marriage at the same time ? when we last redefined marriage with no fault divorce, divorce rates skyrocketed and a number of problems worsened.
Controversy over Ten Commandment monuments on public land.	allowing ten commandment monuments on public land forces christian beliefs on all non christians.	scalia is not trying to demand that you bow your head when others pray in a town meeting; rather, he is protecting the rights of others to do so if they wish.
Misunderstanding of Peer Review	because of this, we waste millions chasing after results a simple bit of peer review could have definitively ruled out for a fraction of the cost.	it is not as if we have too much new work being done.
Cultural Appropriation in Hip Hop Music.	white guys and chicks are all listening to hip hop,slurring their words, putting on a blacker accent and using more black words like  ratchet  or  twerk .	you are simply swimming along on the surface, choosing whichever stance seems the least  racist  to you at the moment.
The Importance of Restroom Breaks.	i realized that these rules were unproductive to me, insofar as emptying my bladder goes, and also socially.	the fact is, restroom time is a break for a lot of people, productively and socially.
Gender-neutral bathrooms and potential concerns.	as trans/queer gendered people are coming out and becoming more accepted, distinguishing between two genders for the bathroom just reinforces a gender binary that could potentially alienate them.	so in that regard, i do not agree that gendered bathrooms falls under the category of  separate but equal.
Contradiction in treatment of mutants in Marvel Universe.	at the moment, there is a weird contradiction where mutants are supposed to be  hated and feared  by everyone, but there are tons of other superheroes who seem exactly like mutants spider man, for example who do not ever worry about stuff like that.	and only sometimes is he seen as a beneficial force and usually only by people he has directly saved or people who know someone he is directly saved.
Debate on whether only adults should be allowed to gamble.	also, many argue that since gambling is addictive, only adults should be able to gamble.	while i agree that gambling is addictive, not everybody who gambling becomes an addict.
Debate on the Feasibility of Socialism in Europe.	i am not trying to say socialism ca not work.	it is a rebuttal to the idea that socialism is an evil that gives rise to fascism and totalitarianism, while also being an example of how it can work.
Disproving Claims of Nonexistent Creatures.	similarly, if a scientist were to claim that unicorns exist and provided no evidence, the claim would be disregarded.	nobody would be expected to disprove unicorns exist.
Concerns about mixed-gender bathrooms.	there are already unisex and family bathrooms some places that are used with no complaint.	so in that regard, i do not agree that gendered bathrooms falls under the category of  separate but equal.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	but we do not let our crudeness blow right into someone else is face.
Polyamory and societal norms surrounding love.	love is not something you can throw around nilly willy.	why ? because that is what you believe ? why do you assume that people in polyamorous relationships are doing that ? why ca not you conceive of  or however many people loving each other ? which we should not.
The dangers of indoor smoking.	once dissipated, the concentration of toxins is negligible.	i have no delusions about them poisoning me, but if there was a referendum on allowing people to smoke outdoors, they are doing a pretty good job at moving my personal opinion needle from  property rights are important  to  fuck private property, that is really annoying.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	and;  man is fond of counting his troubles, but he does not count his joys.
Advantages and limitations of using tablets for reading.	a tablet saves trees, carbon dioxide, etc, but reducing the amount of paper that would normally be printed out.	you bring a counterpoint to your own point but you do not debunk it.
Biological sex and intersex conditions.	if you happend to be born with both sets of reproductive organs then you still are one of the two, completely biologically you would just need an operation.	my sister is biologically intersex and trust me, she is not doing it because she wants to feel  different and special.
Religious fundamentalism and rational thinking.	i am referring to someone whose personal religious beliefs are obsessive and interfere with one is ability to think rationally.	rationality  is a scientific concept, and if a certain belief is interfering with a persons inability to openly consider logical arguments that are based on empirical evidence, then this is by definition irrational.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	if it really bothers her and she is embarrassed to be seen with you, the polite thing is to acquiesce to her wishes.
Humanity's worthiness of a savior.	i do not think humanity really deserves a savior, especially at the cost of innocent life.	if conditions improve, people improve, and they become people who you would consider  worth saving.
Challenging the Link between Slavery and Black Household Poverty.	which would lead me to believe that the obvious argument of  slavery black households are forever impoverished  is a weak one.	even when controlled for a wide variety of socio economic factors, black americans have more difficulty gainful employment, have more difficulty developing relationships networking with whites, and are more likely to be treated more harshly at every step of the criminal justice process.
Swiss-like foreign policy and government services.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	they can afford to be neutral because they have the resources to do so.
Libertarian ideology and personal liberties.	the belief that personal liberties should trump other factors when deciding policy/action.	thats one way of describing libertarian ideology, but i have a better example.
Disadvantages of having a child.	having a child is objectively a bad decision economically, time wise, etc.	are you arguing people enjoying their kids is a trick of brain physiology ? if so, is not love also just a trick ? is not any feeling ? moreover, it is much easier to fall into a life that feels purposeless without a child as an easy answer.
Questioning personal choices and safety.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	why was she dressed that way ? why was she dancing so provocatively ? she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.
Debate on adopting a new calendar.	The world should adopt a new calendar because the old calendar is not scientific	so, you already have two good arguments against your view, but you are arbitrarily choosing to ignore them ? that is not really how it goes.
LGBTQ+ rights and Republican opposition.	the gop is base is why my queer friends and i ca not marry who we love in most states.	as a non christian queer, this angers and terrifies me.
Comparison of drug use and video game playing.	i believe that drug use does not imply anything more negative about a person than playing video games does, cmv.	first, you need to make a distinction between someone who takes an aspirin daily and someone who uses cocaine daily.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	would the the world itself not be a testament of god ? and would the world itself in infinite and perfect regularity, not better inform you about god than a library passed through multiple languages which even when it was written is self proclaimed to be written by friends of god ? should not god be the witness ? and should not that be the infallible witness ?.
Republican rhetoric on shooting immigrants.	southern republicans often spout rhetoric about shooting immigrants on sight.	blaming the gop is just ignorant at this point.
Mental health and counseling	i do not see any reason why i should not want this.	you need to understand that if you really disregard people and stuff most other people care about life, family, tradition , and they discover you are this way, they will shut you out really fast.
Legalization of Racism and its Impact on Free Market	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	are you more willing to consider an alternative because a friend poses it to you and others agree, or because the government says the alternative is jail ? markets will react by opening up segregated shops and restaurants.
Swiss-like foreign policy and government services.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	the only thing is you might not.
Challenges of not being able to vote in politics.	not voting is also works against me since i remove any say on representation in politics.	you have still removed any representation you have in politics, and merely given someone else more representation which is bad for democracy.
The limitations of commitment in marriage.	no one can make a commitment that lasts forever, no matter how much people fool themselves that that is what marriage is.	if you still love your partner, you owe it to them to be honest and to discuss it with them and to figure out what is best for both of you.
Blame on Neglectful Mothers.	but the lion is share of blame rests with neglectful mothers.	so, if the cause of autism was actually based on neglect, the fault would lie in  both  parents.
Neglect of pets left alone for long periods.	a pet that spends the majority of every day alone, locked in a cage, crate, or studio apartment, is a neglected animal.	some dogs may be different, but calling all  hour cratings neglect is a pretty wild accusation.
Ridesharing and its impact on immigrant taxi drivers.	finally, ridesharing is taking jobs away from hard working immigrants who come to north america specifically to drive cabs.	since this is all voluntary between the company and the customers, why is this a problem ? this is a decision up to the consumer, and imo, the way it should be.
Body positivity and weight acceptance.	there is a lot going around the internet in regards to people being comfortable with their weight.	this is proven by how many normal to skinny weight people have insecurities, body self hate, eating disorders, and poor self esteem.
Preventing teen pregnancies and dropouts.	we could spend more time teaching safe sex and avoiding teen pregnancies, which lead to drop outs.	teaching safe sex is necessarily going to involve more than just piv sex, because oral, anal, mutual masturbation, and genital rubbing are not the sole domain of straight/gay people.
Perception of police by law-abiding citizens.	for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	i have never seen cops get so mad as when you question their authority:  why you wanna know that ?  ,  i have the right to park here ,  what i am doing is not illegal  any statement like that to a cop and in my experience that cop is going to  assert his authority.
Unpleasant tasks in nursing.	someone who is willing to shave your butthole is someone you can depend on for anything.	they would rather a professional do it rather than risk an ingrown hair or doing it wrong and cutting you or hurting you.
Motivation and Mental Health Challenges.	every day users are more likely on average to lose motivation and become content with short term stimulus compared to achieving long term goals.	ever since she started smoking, she is never been happier.
Breast cancer and gender inequality.	more people care about breast cancer because its viewed and primarily is a cancer that affects women.	women are by far the victims of rape, but we live in a culture that blames women for it.
Microevolution and Macroevolution.	evolution occurs on small scales with species, but these species do not hold a common ancestor.	even with the idea of punctuated equilibrium, they are small changes that occur more rapidly than usual.
Limitations of scientific evidence and research studies.	anything not backed by scientific evidence or at least deemed possible or credible is ridiculed.	there are plenty of studies people can do free from political backlash that would be absolutely horrible.
Gender roles and slut-shaming.	because the man is doing the work, the idea of the slut is perpetuated by  allowing  males to sleep with them, so in a world where the norm is that men and women put in equal work when courting, there could be no sluts.	what about women who actively court several men ? ! at the same time ! ssssssssluts ! i can hear it now.
Racism in Disney movies.	is there anyone that will argue that even these are not harmfully racist ?	there are pictures of them appearing lighter skinned, in is disney racist articles but those almost always rely on out of context comparisons of sunlit and shadowy locations.
Moving large objects or heavy lifting.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	again, it may also be about a lot of small loads, and not just constant huge ones.
Opinions on charitable challenges and personal donations.	i feel that these sorts of challenges like ice bucket challenge are the kind of things people would want to do anyway, and raising money is mainly an excuse to do so.	why not do the latter ? oh man, who can afford to just donate a week or two of wages to a charity ? i would need charity if i were to do that ! by participating in an event i can raise more money than i would be able to donate on my own.
Cultural influence on dietary and sexual preferences.	i do not think you are primitive and cruel if you eat meat, i think you are a victim of circumstance like everyone else and have that choice made for you by your culture.	the fact that humans have turned the farming and slaughtering of animals for consumption into a global industry is evidence of the fact that humans have effectively  won  the survival of the fittest in many parts of the world, and are exercising the victory through the taming, breeding, and eating of animals.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	also requires a form of long gun to use, or carry grenades.
Criticism of human nature and selfishness.	i would never sacrifice the person i cared most about to help such a selfish, deliberately ignorant, and self centered species.	so if we help humanity, humanity gets better it is as simple as that.
Living conditions in Africa.	africa was, and still is, a pretty awful place to live in.	africa, pre colonialism, was a pretty good society.
Grading in Maths and Science.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	this is possible, yes, but many people still have the passion.
Concerns about excessive sugary drink consumption in food establishments.	every restaurant, corner store, bar, cafe, hotel etc seems to have  making a profit  as their secondary aim.	it is almost purely profit, and the fact that people love their unlimited refills means that they go to places that have that, to the point that  not  having it is a competitive disadvantage.
Police brutality and accountability.	almost daily we hear of police shooting and killing unarmed and unthreatening citizens along with animals.	you you be ok with wearing a camera on yourself every time you went out in public in an effort to reduce crime ? unless you live in washington or colorado or have a medical card in certain states if you smoke marijuana you are still committing a crime.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	the attitude displayed by people who oppose gay marriage and even civil unions, since they have made those illegal too in many states is typically vitriolic.
Inaccuracies in the Gregorian calendar.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	an astrophysicist developed a new calendar with a pattern of    that repeats and then accounts for the  extra time  with a leap  week  in december every five or six years.
Sexual orientation and dating preferences.	if you happen to go more for women than men, that would still render you bi.	intersex means you have the physical characteristics of both sexes.
Consumer behavior towards movie theaters and home theaters.	second, and more importantly, as consumer behaviors change to favor streaming in home theaters as opposed to going to movie theaters and building home libraries stubbornly limiting your best content to only the old distribution channels has never kept consumers from adopting new behaviors.	there is a reason why almost half the budget goes into marketing for film production.
Anonymous online behavior and its consequences.	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	perhaps still harassing them anonymously through other channels besides the website that the two crossed paths on.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	everyone wants something impossible at some point.
The limitations of God's abilities and the perspective of organisms.	god is supposedly all knowing, all present, and all powerful yet there are no organisms on earth that display physiological capacities to do the things that god can do.	should god exist as i imagine he could, it would be not as some bearded humanoid sitting in clouds, but a completely inhuman being of not only complete th dimensional awareness all of time laid before him , but given he would have to be able to sense all possible permutations of how particles can interact due to their % chance to be in places at a time, he knows all possible interactions.
Evaluation of Economic Policies	his recovery act almost single handedly saved the economy from a depression saving main street, and completing the unpopular tarp bill saved wall street.	so the massive stimulus from the federal reserve was what, peanuts ? the fed did much more monetary stimulus than obama did fiscal.
The decline of language expression in society.	people have no need to express themselves anymore.	it kills the art of the language for what, convenience ? is it really worth it ? these words are not misspelled, they are intentionally shortened to speed up communication.
Polyamory and Selectivity in Relationships.	a relationship should be between two people.	why is love not something you can have for multiple people ? you are always gonna love someone more than another.
***Topic: The Need for Big Scale Economic and Global Policy	big scale economic and global policy is needed, because the problem is trillions of times bigger than one guy and his yacht.	you are making an outrageous suggestion to try and validate his use of a private jet.
Safety concerns regarding deaf drivers and lip reading while driving.	trying to lip read a passenger while driving.	the same could be said of drivers who speak a foreign language, yet we allow them to drive.
The Purpose and Design of Tests.	i think the purpose of a test is to approximate your ability to understand the material that test is over.	ultimately you need to learn the subject matter at the relevant time homework , learn to apply it to long form problems and work on those with others group projects and be able to put it all together at the end of the semester/year exams.
Criticism of Winter Olympics Sports Variety.	the sports in the winter olympics are just plain old boring.	there really is not any winner between the two olympics.
Critique of Capitalism and its Alternatives.	the exploitation of the working class, the environment, and the like, in the pursuit of profit, then, is an assault against all of humanity.	i can hardly call this kind of attitude moral when it seems to racing full speed towards failures of the last dozen or so times it has being tried.
Morality and belief in God.	without a god there is no reason not rape and murder.	the other thing is that people do not usually say what you are accusing them of saying.
***Topic: The Need for Big Scale Economic and Global Policy	big scale economic and global policy is needed, because the problem is trillions of times bigger than one guy and his yacht.	what is wrong with first class and a private limousine ? again, you have gone for the hyperbole.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	she comes from a big family and they are all pretty close and this bond she had with her family was part of what attracted me to her.
Responsibility and Birth Control.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	that is what i mean by needless abortions.
Gender Bias in Workplace Dress Code.	women have the ability to expose their legs in the workplace, and men do not.	some additional historical perspective is shown here URL which shows that shorts have been oppressed, but it took a war for them to become more socially acceptable:  let is fast forward to the s when women displayed their proclivity, to wear shorts like their children did for casual and athletic activity.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	it is text, on an image ? what does it mean ? why choose this animal ? what is with the background ? why does not the text have anything to do with the image ? but to the community who has built up shared knowledge about these images, those things impart meaning.
The value of life and abortion.	there is a reason life was listed first, if you do not have a right to your life, you ca not have a right to anything else.	okay, i will get this straight first: a fetus is alive.
Subjectivity in religious theories and science.	religious theories are not made by objective measurements of an environment we only know from our observations.	there is no way you can assess the accuracy of religion as a general concept, because as a general concept, it makes no claims.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	he should be fired and never allowed to be a police officer in any jurisdiction again.
Commercialization of music and its impact on authenticity.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	if a punk band that rallies against consumerism and the corporate machine, only to later sell a song to a multinational mall franchise, they have definitely betrayed their principles and causes, and they  have  sold out.
The impact of tax reduction on wealthy voters.	any attempt for the wealthy to reduce their taxes will result in destroying their own voting power.	now we have a system where the wealthy have a vested interest to keep wages low.
Lack of innovation in long-lived game franchises.	cod does not really have anything astoundingly different from other games of the same genre.	this is a classic problem with nearly every long lived franchise.
Moral superiority in international relations.	i often hear people say stuff like  we should not stoop to their level , or  we are better than that , or  let is be the bigger man here , when one nation is unjustly hostile to another, or does not behave unfairly.	when a country or individual is seen as immoral, others tend to rally behind the moral party.
The benefits of taking time to make decisions.	when making a decision, taking long amounts of time to analyse and consider one is options is more beneficial than making a decision that is regretful.	indeed, if you spend too much time being indecisive about it, you die of starvation.
The Effects of Video Games and Dangerous Sports on People	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	they seem disconnected from any meaningful interpersonal or artistic experience not easily reduced to tribalistic lines;  this good, that bad,  and are quick to dismiss or even act aggressively toward people who do not share their completely arbitrary allegiances to what are essentially brands, and react instinctively to protect organizations which by any account do not deserve protection.
Racism and Slavery in America.	you are still called by your slave masters  names.	i would say it is safe to assume that the overwhelming majority of americans have absolutely no idea about the origins of their surname.
Ease of rapping compared to playing instruments and depth of rap.	as someone who has played different musical instruments and rapped, i think rapping at an elementary level was always much easier than playing an instrument.	wow, speaking words is much easier than playing an instrument ? you do not say ? sure, it is easy to string together a some words, throw in a few rhymes.
Importance of lectures and exams in academic performance.	the recommended textbook should only used as a study aid, not as a replacement for lectures.	if you spend money on the book at least you will have no excuse to read it in order to get your moneys worth out of spending the money in the first place.
Rejection and Coping with Sexual Identity.	last year, i finally mustered up the courage to ask a girl from one of my classes if she wanted to hang out but she paused and said,  do you realize you are an ugly faggot ?	it is not like you are  broken  or anything, but you clearly have some very reasonable issues that would benefit from discussion with a professional.
Authenticity of songs used for product advertisement.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	so how is this any different than any other art that is sold ? artists have to eat, and selling their art helps them do this.
Criticism of profit-making organizations and military industrial complex.	somehow our noble society would not harm a fly if not for these evil profit making organizations and military industrial complex.	no reasonable person is saying that these companies are the only reason we go to war.
The existence of supernatural beings and their paradoxes.	if different laws of physics apply to him and the current laws of physics are constant throughout the universe, where does he live ?	that is a good reason against the belief of such things, but it does not disprove their existence.
Responsibility to inform about infidelity.	as a continuation, i believe the right thing for c to do is to inform b of a is infidelity regardless.	i do not necessarily think there is a responsibility for c to do so, though.
Monitoring and regulating illegal online activity.	no human sees any images or communication that is not illegal except in cases of false positive.	what happens {bad guy country x} starts demanding google hand over accounts that have been flagged as political dissidents ? or the us demands the accounts of all users from {bad guy country y} in the name of national security ? do we rely on google to be our protector and accuser ? it absolutely is spying, you just accept it as a sacrifice for the general good.
Airline seat reclining etiquette.	additionally, my employer expects me to get work done and pays for wifi.	if the person is reclined so far that i ca not use an average size laptop, are not they in the wrong ? the reclining mechanism in airline seats have been around for far longer than laptops and wifi.
Radicalism and Blame in Feminism.	often the loudest voices recieve the most attention and usually those voices come from the mouths of radical people.	blaming a certain group  plays no necessary role in feminism.
Debating the uniqueness of Jesus as a historical figure.	i think of jesus as being another charismatic figure whose death or martyrdom was made into a legend by his followers in order to legitimize christendom.	how could there be ? however, i think that you should be able to recognize that for people who believe in jesus, they  do not  believe his story to simply be a legend.
Grading in Maths and Science.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	missing a negative sign could send a rocket crashing back to earth.
Gender and Sentencing Disparities.	furthermore, adolescent boys are often physically bigger and stronger than older women, so feelings of coercion in that respect are not as pronounced if the genders were switched.	this is unsubstantiated, but even if it were true, it should not have any affect on sentencing.
Financial stability and selling out.	when you obviously have enough to be financially stable, everything after that is pure greed and no matter how great your work was in the past, the fact that you have lost your values undermines it.	however, if the band has no issues against advertising or the product that is being advertised, they are not selling out.
Wealth and Employment Status Affect Quality of Life.	an able bodied person who works is going to have more wealth and likely lead a better life than an able bodied person who does not.	two people working equally hard do not end up equally rich.
Police brutality and technology's impact on awareness.	almost daily we hear of police shooting and killing unarmed and unthreatening citizens along with animals.	more and more states are going towards decriminalizing and states have begun legalizing it.
Comparison of drug use and video game playing.	i believe that drug use does not imply anything more negative about a person than playing video games does, cmv.	a limited amount of gaming a few times each week can be very healthy by creating a meditative state or practicing coordination.
Importance of Applied Math Education in Early Grades.	sure, many careers need higher math but that can wait until college.	math is abstract, and learning how to stretch to understand it is useful.
Encouraging self-improvement and authenticity in learning.	there are no difficult subjects to learn.	no one would refuse knowledge because they are trying to stay true to themselves.
Quality of displayed food.	the food shown, looks to be healthy but of incredibly low quality.	according to that at least half the plate should be fruit and veg.
Gender identity and expression.	see, i have a gay friend who has many  feminine  traits, talks very much like a woman, his mannerisms, his tastes, etc.	where is that line crossed ? when i realized that i would never be truly comfortable with a male body and that i would rather have a female body.
Challenges faced by atheists in society.	no one knows what your religious views are unless you tell them.	the negative consequences of admitting atheism count as persecution, and it is not always because the individual was making a point of flaunting their disdain for religion.
Debate on Monogamy vs. Open Relationships.	more over, the reasons for being monogamous are exclusively character flaws related to the items mentioned above, or outright ignorance about non monogamy, about stis, etc .	you are assuming that sex with many people is more enjoyable than sex with one.
Corporate Responsibility and Accountability.	because of the nature of corporations, there can be situations where the corporation caused injury or death to a person yet no one person actually made a decision that knowingly caused it.	if there is no reason to shift the blame from the people that make up a corporation to a corporation, then why would we bother ? what exactly would we be killing, here ? would the people who made up the corporation be prohibited from working together again, or is it just the specific arrangement; john and bob can work together, but not jack, john, and bob ? if neither, then would not killing a corporation mean nothing, because the people who made up the corporation can just go and make another one ? the idea behind a punishment is the discouragement of bad behavior.
Views on the sustainability of relationships and their endings.	there is no way a relationship between two people can last and the people in that relationship actually remain happy and content with the relationship and each other.	ending a relationship can transform both people into demon spawn that live off the pain and misery of each other for a short amount of time this is not always the case.
Challenges with societal gender norms and definitions.	the problem lies not within people  being born in the wrong skin , but within society is narrow definitions of men and women and of masculinity and femininity.	unless you are going to argue that everyone has to carry around chromosomal paperwork and demonstrate it before any social interaction or decision is made.
Gender in Employment Recruitment	It is reasonable for companies to consider gender when recruiting employees, because there is many quantifiable differences between males and females.	using this information to make employment decisions may be valid if you hire in bulk from random samples of people, but nobody hires that way.
Advantages of Triangular Sandwich Slices.	the triangular slice is always superior to the rectangular slice.	there are some sandwiches that contain small loose pieces.
Travel options for coastal cities and limitations of cruises.	most large cities are on the coast and you are able to travel anywhere.	not all large cities are on the coast.
Debate on the Feasibility of Socialism in Europe.	i am not trying to say socialism ca not work.	the recession that hit europe was due to a lot of things, not least of which was the eu having an economic union but not a monetary one.
Improving file organization and navigation on desktops.	far more useful, imho, would be something like a better implemented version of those osx springy things in the dock a popup always on top file browser window toggled on or off with a button in the dock/startbar/etc, defaulting to your documents folder.	what is that supposed to be a visual metaphor for, for pete is sake ? moving something to a different part of your physical desk perhaps ? have you not ever encountered a physical desk ? have you never rearranged or organized physical things on a desk ? seriously, have you not ever used a desk ? do not get me started on the  all users  desktop under windows.
Impact of Driverless Cars on Insurance and Corporations.	most importantly large insurance companies will take a hit from this, and we all know who calls the shots in the us government, the big corps.	those people can continue to drive human driven cars as long as they are sold.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	when we move, everything else reacts.
Comparison of difficulty between rapping and playing instruments.	as someone who has played different musical instruments and rapped, i think rapping at an elementary level was always much easier than playing an instrument.	i have no idea where you are getting this idea that most people can write and rap over a beat more easily than they could write a standard song lyric and sing it over music.
Safety concerns with ridesharing services.	on top of that, there are already some incidences where a driver has taken a young lady to a remote location and sexually assaulted her URL .	are you implying this does not happen with taxis ? why is this a hit on only these services when it happens in both ? this is highly unfair to them and many cab drivers could potentially become destitute with the loss of their livelihood and no other skills.
Changing last name for practicality and tradition.	well obviously, you are making an assumtion that your family name is more important than theirs.	i am the breadwinner; the house, cars, insurance, etc are all in my name for credit reasons.
Utilitarianism and Animal Suffering.	all mammals can feel pain, and coming from a utilitarian viewpoint, any suffering is bad if the pros do not outweigh the cons.	you have to consider the counter factual, not just your direct impact.
Responsibility for civilian casualties in conflicts involving Hamas.	hamas has no real choice other than to hide within the civilian population.	all is fair in war.
Difference between medical school and pharmacy school.	if you have not gone to medical school and graduated with a m. d.	physical therapy school is not medical school.
Morality and free will in relation to God.	i will not entertain the idea that morality is relative.	augustine and before, christians have interpreted the story of adam   eve as a metaphor for humanity is collective fall from grace: we act against the will of god out of selfishness.
European Court's approach to online content regulation.	the european court should be targeting the websites and admins to remove the content, and stop pestering the search engines for doing their job.	google is job is whatever google wants it to be and currently that is clearly not to display all available content on the internet.
The right to privacy and surveillance.	to me, essentially there is no right to privacy in itself, just right to private thoughts, free actions, and private property which surveillance would not and does not change.	not even our congressmen, and possibly not even our president, has any direct say in how this data is collected or used.
Atheism and Religion Beliefs.	i just ca not imagine a scenario where i say nothing then someone else says something about their religion or some analogy and i say  oh i guess you are right then, your religion here is real .	you could answer  i just do not care  and it would be more than valid, you do not have to try and disprove god/allah etc.
Men's rights to opt out of child support.	men should be able to opt out of supporting a child.	the odds of people successfully doing this within the time period allowable for abortions, even if they start from day  of the pregnancy who would know ? , is small given the limited time frame for abortions.
Clarifying the "not all men are like that" argument.	when someone says  not all men are like that , the correct response is to clarify, or admit to a factual error, and not to accuse the other side of  derailing , or  changing the subject .	they are used in the straw man fashion i mentioned previously.
Personal growth and sexual experience.	after : learned to take the initiative and lead the interaction as directly suggested by those communities , take responsibility for sexual escalation which doing only half assed while not being experienced always turned girls off , and finally lost my virginity.	it is the same tired old self help advice wrapped in a different package.
Commercialization of music and its impact on authenticity.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	the key factor is that the party has to betray  their own  principles or causes; your opinions or values  literally  do not matter in determining if the party sold out.
Debate on whether only adults should be allowed to gamble.	also, many argue that since gambling is addictive, only adults should be able to gamble.	for one, buying a scratch ticket will not directly cause one physical harm.
Political views on abortion and border control.	on a similar note, republicans would also like to take away the ability to have safe, clean abortions from my friends who are ciswomen.	what is wrong with defending the borders of your nation ? do you know why republicans oppose abortion ? as a non christian queer, this angers and terrifies me.
Doubt about human and animal evolution based on biblical beliefs.	i do not believe; however, that humans are direct descendents of any species, and i do not believe that birds and dogs for example had any common ancestor.	this is entirely based on an interpretation of genesis.
Monogamy and Sexual Desires.	monogamy by definition restricts a person from fulfilling sexual desires outside their relationship.	just because you might not find monogomy totally satisfying does not mean that nobody else can.
Society's stance on punishment for criminals.	the most we can do is agree as a society that we do not want certain kinds of people in our society.	human rights do not apply to criminals.
Defining American White Culture and Stereotypical Black Culture.	i would define american white culture as separate from  black  culture as the stereotypical black  thug life  culture.	there is  nothing  that unifies american white people on the basis of their skin color here.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	please give women more credit than to merely parrot what society says.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	i also recognize that ethics and personal values are highly subjective.	this is easily supported by the ton of debates on whether or not something is ethical.
School technology and student ownership.	although the school would likely provide most or all technology, social pressure may cause students to want to buy high end technology.	it is really a matter of funding for a lot of schools, allowing students to bring in their own technology means that they wo not have to actually pay for complete sets of very expensive technology.
Artistic value and deadlines in the job market.	in the marketplace, art is value tends not to be based on the amount of time taken to create it.	and so forth.
The possibility of becoming rich in a capitalistic world.	however, there is one fair thing about a capitalistic world, everyone can become rich if they work hard.	an able bodied person born into a rich family will have a much easier time acquiring wealth than an able bodied person born into a poor person regardless of how hard the poor person works.
Opposition to the Iraq War.	i am not saying all wars are avoidable, but even though i am highly ignorant about politics, i just did not see the point of iraq war.	i did so knowing full well that i would never be  shipped overseas  or see any kind of combat.
The concept of free will in relation to heaven and afterlife.	when you consider the christian view of heaven being a place where  sin  does t exist then there is no free will, not really since you can only choose to do the  right  action.	on earth we can grow tired or become tolerant of things we enjoy, but the christian god would have the ability to remove that tolerance or fatigue ensuring that you are eternally in a state of bliss.
Use of the N-word in Black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	there is so much of a culture that you have to be black to understand.
Public perception of police use of force.	the difference is that police officers wield firearms with the capacity to maim and kill.	yes, this is not an everyday occurrence, but if you want to increase the police force is reputation across the country, then you need to act country wide.
Domestic Violence and Forgiveness	would the man get called out on being wrong and weak for forgiving him ?	so victims are usually quick to rationalize the behavior and forgive their abuser because they do not want to believe that they themselves could have been so wrong about someone they have come to love.
Police and injustice in American society.	therefore, a cop who operates in an unjust framework is automatically waging war against you.	this is a terribly twitchy philosophy.
Opinions on Porsche cars.	a porsche is also a lot more fun to drive.	they are normal cars, as far as i am concerned.
Religious freedom and conformity.	there is not freedom to practice religious beliefs if you are required to adhere to any of the religious beliefs or rules of other religions.	freedom of religion is the capacity to practice or not as you wish, not to force others not to practice.
Choosing to Keep or Change Last Name After Marriage	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	changing sexist traditions starts with you, after all.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	you have a problem with her  making a situation  where a rapist cannot control themselves.
Suggesting improvements for user interface design.	far more useful, imho, would be something like a better implemented version of those osx springy things in the dock a popup always on top file browser window toggled on or off with a button in the dock/startbar/etc, defaulting to your documents folder.	once you realise just how difficult it is you might have more of an appreciation for what we currently have.
Capital punishment and morality.	murder and inequality are naturally occurring phenomenons.	it does nothing to prove homosexuality is wrong, it just disproves the idea that because homosexuality is natural it must be good.
Limitations on Freedom of Speech	as the first amendment only guarantees that the government shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech, the act of detaining those who exercise free speech is not explicitly illegal, and would fall under the category of a false arrest.	with regard to the st amendment, the judgement is that any law restricting free speech has to be evaluated with strict scrutiny URL in order for an arrest to be unlawful, it generally must fall into the following bucket: .
Judging someone's behavior at a social event.	she chose to be there knowing full well that she will attract the wrong kinds of attention.	the  situation  occurs when someone decides to act out as the rapist.
Marx's views on centralized state planning and socialism.	marx thought centralized state planning was the correct way of running an economy incorrect, marx is somewhat vague over what socialism is to consist of, but he supported worker self management in the first international, though he did support planning of some kind .	but it is rather hard to see how the conscious social control necessary to his philosophical system could be wielded except by some controlling body.
Representation of LGBTQ and minority groups in media.	we do live in a hetero normative society.	we should do everything we can to make sure that lgbtq people are accepted in society, but a hetero normative society is never going away.
Monogamy and Sexual Attraction.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	a relationship that involves outside sex that is agreed on is not inolving cheating, because provide the outside sex is within the parameters set by the couple, there is no betrayal or lies.
Grandfather Paradoxes and Time Travel.	logical grandfather paradoxes were made up for drama and to relate people to the story.	or this could be a meaningless question if it turns out that time travel is fundamentally impossible.
Relationships and Cheating	failed relationships and cheating is just way too prevalent to be coincidental.	this may fade over time, but at least for some duration biology seems to encourage an exclusive relationship to form.
Representation and Diversity in Art and Culture.	artistically, women are depicted as objects of beauty and desire, people is of color are barely depicted at all and white men are the creators of art.	here you can see for yourself URL you are completely off base on the language aspect.
Dependency on petroleum as a resource for civilization.	our civilization today is almost entirely dependent on petroleum for energy, materials and the sheer scale in which we operate.	as for there being no viable replacement: the current world reserves of coal are , billion barrels of oil equivalent, this could supply the equivalent of  years of human energy consumption after oil and natural gas have completely been used up.
***Topic: The Need for Big Scale Economic and Global Policy	big scale economic and global policy is needed, because the problem is trillions of times bigger than one guy and his yacht.	they would call it unconstitutional or un capitalist to try and enforce more regulations on businesses.
Inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar and alternative options.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	but there is no calendar that is objectively  the best  because they will all have inconvenient compromises built in.
Adversarial nature of taking government agents to grand jury.	if a government agent is put before a grand jury for a crime, the prosecutor and the accused are both playing for the same team.	more like its a huge waste of time and resources to go to the grand jury on a very weak case, so most prosecutors will not do so unless they are convinced they will succeed.
Pros and cons of religion.	i really believe religion brings nothing but trouble.	religion also brings community, a code of law, and a sense of purpose in life.
Echo chambers and belief in rumors on boards.	on boards you will find echo chambers where people are more prone to believe rumors than proof.	things about e celebrities will start as rumors, ideas about them or things will get taken out of context and it will be posted continually until it is taken as fact.
Religious freedom and constitutional limits.	the laws seem to favor one religious view over another, which is unconstitutional.	more than two people creates complicated legal interactions between everybody involved.
Airline seat reclining etiquette.	additionally, my employer expects me to get work done and pays for wifi.	your employer is the one being socially rude.
The limitations of ethical consumerism in addressing climate change.	whether or not florida is sunk by rising sea levels is not a triviality that should be left to making sure you buy the right soy sauce.	there are businesses that operate with ethics clearly in mind, and their products cost more.
Comparison of female rappers with Nicki Minaj.	nikki dissed her funny thing is, nikki may write her own rhymes, but she is pretty not good compared to good female rappers like missy elliot but that was done in a very appropriate manner.	for one that looks really bad on snoop is part, and second it makes snoop seem jealous of iggy.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	if a woman is talking about how she was assaulted, or a news outlet is reporting on assault statistics, saying  not all men assault  is as meaningless and obvious as saying  they sky is blue.
The value of writing and existence.	my books would most likely just be lost to time and pointlessness, so why even bother ?	they question whether or not what they are doing is smart.
Debate on Monogamy vs. Open Relationships.	more over, the reasons for being monogamous are exclusively character flaws related to the items mentioned above, or outright ignorance about non monogamy, about stis, etc .	i would also like to point out the quality of the physical aspects of sex: i believe it is better the more each people know each other.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	sometimes, the wedding industry makes it seem that weddings are only about the bride, but that is not the case for many couples, for them it is about both of them.
Dangers of religion and ideology.	religion and ideology can cause normal people to do horrible things.	nobody gets baptized and instantly starts on the warpath of homosexual eradication.
Nationalism and religion during WWII.	one cant think about wwii the strong nationalism back then can easily be considered as a sort of religion in my opinion without the genocide of the jews, homosexuals and mentally handicapped or anyone who disagreed with them.	i am gay too, and i ca not say that my personal experiences particularly support this.
Internet censorship and child safety.	imagine your child browsing the internet, doing research for a project, or just browsing around.	chances are, he or she will note find anything pornographic, violent, or gory, thanks to internet censorship.
Debating the uniqueness of Jesus as a historical figure.	i think of jesus as being another charismatic figure whose death or martyrdom was made into a legend by his followers in order to legitimize christendom.	would you agree that if the story of jesus particularly his claim to be the son of god, and his resurrection from the dead is actually true that there  is  something unique about jesus ?.
Importance of friendship in romantic relationships.	i also believe couples should also be friends.	if you both go to the same knitting class, you are bound to be chatting every now and then, which gives a great chance of exploring a relationship.
Challenges faced by atheists in society.	no one knows what your religious views are unless you tell them.	i think your view basically underestimates the fervor and assiduousness of evangelical christians in the us.
Personal views on feminism and equality.	after studying feminism in an academic setting, there were many ideas i agreed with and many i disagreed with.	i guess the question really boils down to: who gets to inherit the term from the liberal feminists of the second wave ? you appear to be stating academic feminism should be the new  default  feminism and i am certain western academic feminists would agree but what of the many, many variations on these beliefs ? amazon feminism anarcha feminism atheist feminism black feminism chicana feminism christian feminism conservative feminism cultural feminism difference feminism equity feminism fat feminism fourth wave feminism french feminism hip hop feminism individualist feminism islamic feminism jewish feminism lesbian feminism liberal feminism material feminism marxist feminism networked feminism neofeminism new feminism postcolonial feminism postmodern feminism post structural feminism pro life feminism radical feminism separatist feminism sex positive feminism sikh feminism socialist feminism standpoint feminism state feminism structuralist feminism transfeminism transnational feminism it is a truism that is worth repeating: there is no such thing as a monolithic feminism.
Distracted driving and car safety warnings.	not being able to hear warnings their car is giving them.	just about every modern cell phone has tty capability.
Racial profiling and discrimination by police.	but if the same policeman finds a black kid with facial tattoos, a thick accent and pants around his knees we see that kid go to jail.	i have at least  cousins white girls who have been arrested for pot, including one who was in college with good grades who ultimately received a felony on her record because of it.
Fraternity discrimination against gay members.	the same goes for people who are gay there are some who are opposed to gay members and others who are not.	i suspect there is a lack of applicants rather than an actual rule that they do not allow members of other races and that if they had a policy to disallow membership from other races they would be shut down.
Anarchism and societal organization.	the second issue is what has you convinced that humans are organized enough to have a society like this.	this would obviously be met with resistance from the people in the society.
The ethics of selling art for advertisements.	letting a company use your art for advertisements is as close to selling your soul as you can get.	advertisements do nothing for society but promote consumerism, and by letting a company use your music to achieve that, you are just as bad as them.
Criticism of GOP's War on Drugs policy.	the gop started the war on drugs, a policy which is obviously a gross mismanagement of taxpayer dollars and racist to boot.	now his party tries to obstruct any form of progress in our government.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	those other ones are  not for us , they are for his  other  programs.
Recording laws and human memory.	if two party consent is required for recording, one of the parties can still recite the conversation from human memory, without informing the second party.	that aside, the most obvious objection to this for me is the very real possibility of espionage or security breaches.
Race and War.	yet some people ca not get over something as silly as a type of skin color someone has.	instead of finding things to hate about one another, lets focus on how human we all are.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	in both cases, what people are choosing to believe in is nothing other than the missing piece that explains how the universe works  according to their view of it.
Racial division and forced relocation due to trade sanctions.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	nonconformists will be forced to move when businesses, social clubs, and homeowner is associations impose trade sanctions on either racists or non racists.
Welfare and Benefits Reform	if welfare were to be rapidly dismantled, i believe the us would be in a worse state.	there is a fairly reasonable argument that benefits should be capped at two children, if you have a third then the benefit you receive does not increase.
Amorality of Company Actions.	any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	likewise, any  bad  that is done by a company is also an amoral action.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	but then you tack on god, as the least unable to be disproven.
The Emotional Connection of Video Games.	a game can make people cry or at least get emotional as the story progresses.	these are not derivations from the norm, they  are  the norm, so far as most serious readers are concerned.
Flaws of a non-democratic system.	the  people  in such a system no longer have the power, which is what a democracy is supposed to be.	i think the solution to this is more democracy at the top level.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	even today when i play, i do it with friends of mine.
Issues with the Penalty System in Sports.	the penalty itself lacks rationale, in that the offending player is simply victim of the laws of physics and momentum.	most other positions can play through a taped ankle sprain and still be effective.
Body image and beauty standards.	what i do not support is companies saying that real beauty is being round and curvy when in actuality, that may not be very healthy and should not be settled for.	how can you know thin eat healthy foods and not think must eat unhealthy ? some models stay super thin by lots of caffeine and grossly under eating.
Disadvantages of Reading and Editing on Electronic Devices.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	for me, tablets are almost unusable.
Gun violence and its impact on society.	not to mention the amount of people who die each year due to violence with the use of guns and firearms such as mass killings of innocent lives.	on top of this, people fail to secure their guns properly.
Marriage and Divorce Statistics	you are not even married yet, and you are already looking forward to the divorce !	there would be no problem at all if the divorce laws would be far, but they are not.
Conditions for Incestuous Relationships	incest, i will admit, would have to have some conditions.	a parent or other close family member has too much influence over a developing mind to allow this type of marriage.
Consent to sex and pregnancy.	i see the argument that consent to sex is not consent to pregnancy thrown around a lot, mainly when people say that  outlawing abortion is restricting bodily autonomy .	this is similar in essence to a nda you agree to a restriction on your personal autonomy in that you are prohibited from sharing certain information.
Comparison of rap lyrics to other genres.	there are plenty of examples given from rappers who are very conscious and clever, but even those hardly ever say anything i feel holds a candle to good lyrics from other genres.	what exactly do you use as criteria for defining  good lyrics  ? if you could give some examples that would probably facilitate a higher quality discussion.
Advantages of Welfare Reform.	there is also the huge benefit of less resentment of those on welfare.	instilling a sense of dignity and responsibility to a person rather than sending the explicit message that they are incompetent and ca not be trusted, using systems that defy basic logic in the first place will cause people to try less hard.
Racism and Reclaiming the Word "Nigger"	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	i read somewhere that if you make your biggest weakness your shield, no one can ever hurt you with it.
Challenges of mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.	why are we trying to push btc mainstream ?	the same can be said for any emerging technology.
Religion's dual nature as conservative and revolutionary.	religion, in nature, is conservative and/or reactionary.	were all very devout believers in their religion.
Reasons for having a suspended driver's license.	the reason is, an offence to have your licence suspended is pretty big in the original instance.	that is kind of how driving on a suspended license works nowadays.
Availability of unlimited soft drinks in the UK and Germany.	in the uk,  unlimited soft drinks  is a novelty concept used only by select few chains, such as pizza hut.	to me, not having access to unlimited water during a meal seems like a much worse problem to have than having unlimited soft drinks.
Debate on the Purpose of Organic Farming.	organic farming is supposed to be about creating an alternative to the unsustainable industrial agricultural system.	monsanto is bt corn is broken URL the corn rootworm has developed an immunity to it, so farmers using bt corn are increasing pesticide input to former, pre gmo levels.
Men and prostitution.	men patronize prostitutes in significant numbers and men are willing to trade things of real value like money in order to get sex.	so these two things may be the root in men being incentivized to obtain sex more than women, not the presence of any drive or chemical state.
Driving regulations and traffic flow.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	i do not need it inspected because it is got no emissions and operates simply enough that even in a state of disrepair, it is still a fairly reliable machine.
Non-consensual sharing of intimate photos.	i think about all the porn out there, i know some photos of random girls have to have been from a boyfriend or ex that were uploaded without the girl is permission.	but i do not see anyone worry about that or anyone who cares, and i do not see how that is different from this that is actually a big problem.
Gymnastics requires mastery of precision and form.	though other sports include the use of precision and form as well, gymnastics requires one to master these skills.	the same goes for vault, bars and beam.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	and for a very long time, they will all be remembered.
Celebrating birthdays as an adult.	once you are not a little kid anymore a birthday is not that special.	any day can be special if you make it special.
Debate on adopting a new calendar.	The world should adopt a new calendar because the old calendar is not scientific	why ? because the start of summer does not coincide with the start of june.
Controversy over justifying genocide and celebrating Columbus Day.	we are taught in our schools that genocide is justifiable and acceptable if we get something in return or are not disadvantaged by trying to solve for it.	now i went to a pretty liberal school, so perhaps my experience is different but the destruction of native people, culture and lands was widely and strongly criticized in our history classes.
Criticism of polyamorous relationships.	polyamory just seems like a rather immature way to have a relationship with.	as we started to grow wiser and form social constructs the idea of love came into play.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	but they are still fun to watch, and abrams does not need to do any better than that to match the original trilogy in quality if you are able to divorce yourself from the lens of your younger self and view those films more objectively.
Belief in God and personal stance on religion.	i mean god as a supreme being/entity who is all knowing, all powerful, and created the universe.	we know that the universe tries to be as simple and elegant as possible as seen by math and science and thus it makes no sense to include god into the equation we also know that engineers try to be as simple and elegant as possible, which could point to an engineered universe.
Dealing with allegations.	denying the allegations puts you in the awkward position of calling someone a liar.	well, that is one way to look at it.
Comparison of rap lyrics to other genres.	there are plenty of examples given from rappers who are very conscious and clever, but even those hardly ever say anything i feel holds a candle to good lyrics from other genres.	the fact that singing uses melody though means that a portion of the listener is attention is directed toward the melodic content and away from the actual words.
Student fundraising for charity.	get a job, donate some of the money.	if it did not exist at all, not nearly as much money would have been donated.
Car Hacking	also, cars can be hacked just like iphones jailbreak and other electronic devices.	for example, they could have whatever sensors they want set up in a box.
Bicycling on sidewalks and roads with no designated lane.	many places do not allow bicycles on sidewalks, so if that is the case, and there is no bicycle lane designated on that particular road, then there should be no bicycling allowed in that particular area.	why do not bicyclists have these same restrictions and obligations to use those same roads ? cars have to be tested, licensed, insured, and inspected because cars are several tons of plastic and metal and all running on an incredibly complex internal combustion engine and if even minor things are wrong with the functionality of the car it can lead to massive complications on the road which could result in the deaths of not only the driver of the un inspected car, but in the deaths of other drivers and pedestrians.
Limitations of Society's Scientific Discoveries and Inventions	and so as a society, we are restricting our discoveries and inventions to the small areas of science and technology that we know about so far, that we think are credible and worthwhile.	to compare this to modern day those who believe that life begins at conception rather than at birth often have political power that prevents us from researching things like stem cells.
Challenges of relying on network availability and speed.	and often harder to use on for the user.	a non technical end user does not know anything about networking, tcp/ip, clients, servers, protocols, marshalling data, network byte order, etc.
Judging books by their covers.	you can judge a book by its cover.	i always took it as a warning more than a rule.
Leadership and Sociopathy.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	you just need to be willing and able to look at larger pictures, further ahead.
Is not having children a good decision?	not having child is objectively a great decision, economically, time wise, etc.	why is on more or less objectively charitable than the other ? does the act of conceiving a child generate a kind of  social debt  such that a person must pay off by raising the child ? there may be something to this, as people who refuse to raise their own children receive a certain amount of scorn deadbeat dads for example.
Bandwidth usage and incentives for streaming sites.	netflix and major bandwidth sites do not have much of an incentive to lower their bandwidth because of all this.	they pay extra for having high bandwidth.
Limitations and safety concerns of self-driving cars.	if a self driving car is slower than the rest of traffic, or gets caught up on a branch that falls into the roadway, or fails to navigate a construction site, or slams on its brakes because a trash bag drifted in front of it.	in the event of an emergency, a human can take control of the car.
The Importance of Restroom Breaks.	i realized that these rules were unproductive to me, insofar as emptying my bladder goes, and also socially.	it makes no difference if they are embarrassed, are meditating or just want a time out with a semblance of space in an imaginary boundary.
Pay discrepancy between hard and easy jobs.	people working  hard  jobs will always be paid more than those working  easier  jobs.	in russia, for instance, doctors are one of the  lowest  paid professions.
Corporate liability for death and officer bans.	death: any and all officers active at the time of the incident are permanently banned from participating in that corporation.	no, what this does is punish workers and, more importantly,  shareholders.
The meaning of life.	i mean meaningless to the person who is doing the dying.	yes, you will cease to exist; you will become  nothing.
Criticism of schools as capitalist holding cells.	there may be other dynamics at play, but the  school as capitalist holding cell, but we ca not point that out because people get mad  is at least one dynamic at play.	what would you rather these people be doing ? they are currently training to participate in a system that helps the world to run the way it does.
Concerns about social division with BYOD in schools.	my biggest concern with byod in schools is increased social division.	even without byod the students already have ways of dividing each other.
Israel's right to retaliate against Hamas for safety.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	in addition to these points, you should remember that gaza is essentially under siege, with israel severely restricting what goes in and out.
Lack of interest in local politics and voting.	why would i want to give my vote to another ?	i do not follow local, county or state politics.
The advantages of attractiveness.	i believe because of these factors, attractive people ultimately have happier lives and have way more success while putting in way less work, financially, socially, and emotionally.	i would like to be proven otherwise but i just do not think that is realistic.
The role of the government in business and society.	society needs rich people to look up to.	i have no problems with the admiration of a rich person although admiring them because they are rich seems a little empty to me.
Smoking and Consideration.	i ca not really think of any situation in which smoking is not inconsiderate.	so you expected them to volunteer to move to antarctica or commute for smoke breaks ? maybe, just maybe, i might not mind you smoking in antarctica.
The value of atheism.	so what is the point of arguing and reading all these books about atheism ?	however, that freedom could be maintained with a less strict religion, so that is a moot point.
Knowledge of World War II in America.	as a european american i am consistently astounded by how little americans know about the war.	i disagree, there will come a time when there are no ww survivors left and no ww survivors left but just because there are none left and not a specifically holiday to commemorate the end of those events means it will be forgotten.
Snoop Dogg criticizing a young rapper's skills.	now snoop is one of the few active og, why the fuck is he gonna go diss a young rapper ?	you obviously do not know that much about the rap game.
Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	they have not gone extinct yet.
Differences in coping mechanisms in a relationship.	for example, say i am in a relationship and i value alone time when i get stressed.	my significant other values spending time with me when she gets stressed.
Gender roles and feminism in homemaking and nurturing.	i feel we have lost some important values of homemaking and nurturing.	putting aside whether or not it worked, is not that better to have whichever parent  wants  to work and whichever parent  wants  to take care of the home do so, rather than forcing women to do one and men to do the other ? if you agree it would be best to have either parent do it either parent at home/either parent at work , but that you think feminism created a society in which instead of going from all women at home/all men at work to either parent at home/either parent at work, we actually ended up going to a society in which neither parent is at home/both parents work, or that either parent  can  be at home but will face judgement/one parent works then i understand the problem you are seeing but i believe you are incorrect in thinking feminism caused it.
Argument for Polygamy	polygamy: i am honestly not wholly sure what the argument against polygamy is, besides something about complications in the way tax systems are set up, which could be easily fixed i would imagine.	it is more than just taxes though that is going to be super complicated.
Job market and wages in China.	the competition is extremely high for all kinds of jobs hence why salaries are pressed down, especially for entry level positions.	mexico city is pretty dense and the average house price is approx $, usd URL   explain to me why the average person benefits from an increasing population like many economists say ? you need growth of population because who is going to buy durable goods.
Abortion and Responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	a fetus is more like a  body part  until it can survive outside of the womb.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	in fact, one very simple tactic is to argue the answers against each other in humanities courses the one you can argue for best is the right answer.
Lack of interest in local politics and voting.	why would i want to give my vote to another ?	the only way for you to be represented in a democratic election is to vote.
The profitability of esports.	think about how cringe worthy that sounds if you did not have any interest in the game.	as an annual salary this is larger than what most people make in several years.
Dangers of treating information as property and patent trolls.	treating information as property creates dangerous entities like patent trolls, which do not create anything but merely buy and sell information for profit.	you could say the same thing about any property law.
Crime and Economic Collapse in Detroit.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	because it is racist to criticize black people ? probably because it is not their fault, and blaming them is missing the overall point why cities declined.
The meaning of life.	i mean meaningless to the person who is doing the dying.	how can you say that your life is devoid of meaning when you helped others ? they will die too.
Debate on accuracy of slavery laws in the Bible.	however you take the argument, there is no proof either way who added the slavery bits into mosaic law.	worthwhile advice ? on par with slaves trying to free themselves, and non slaves not entering into slavery except as slaves to jesus ? if not on par with that, why not ? what is different, other than that you just do not agree with it ?.
Wasteful consumerism and benefits of investing in quality equipment.	imo these people are wasting their money, and exemplary of wasteful consumerism.	most of the time if you invest in a better piece of equipment you also get the added benefit of added quality and perhaps better support from the company.
Thanksgiving meal preferences and tradition.	we keep lying to ourselves, while we fill up on everything but turkey.	a pound of meat per person   lbs bird weight is a lot of meat, and if your criteria for liking something is to eat more than that, then most people do not like ice cream, hamburgers, or fries.
Psychiatric diagnosis and lack of understanding of biology.	the time and effort the psychiatric institution has put in the diagnosis is less than the time and effort i myself put in as far as i can tell.	however, consider this from the doctor is perspective.
Police brutality and use of deadly force.	seriously, if the cop was a sick fuck and gets a boner shooting up black people, he could have done so in a secluded area at night when no one was around.	since he was  unarmed , the cop should have used less lethal methods.
The right to basic necessities of life.	right to basic necessities of life right to have anything that one needs to stay alive.	if you change your claim to  personal autonomy is not compatible with an extreme right to anything that might prolong a person is life , then i agree but even that claim is redundant.
Debate on the Purpose of Organic Farming.	organic farming is supposed to be about creating an alternative to the unsustainable industrial agricultural system.	they can make a boatload of money and spray organic pesticides at every opportunity if they wish.
Automation and State Ownership of Robots.	eventually, all the jobs will theoretically be gone, then all of the robots need to be owned by the state, otherwise the majority of the populace become nothing more than the property of those that own the robots.	it is also a signal to newcomers to the labor market to not specialize in that field.
Maturity on Reddit and Mental Health Support.	reddit often is not mature enough to deal with those kinds of posts.	how exactly do you read so many peoples minds ? and are you going to offer to pay for $ $ a session for everyone who is suicidal ? i am glad you get all of your medical expenses paid, but i certainly do not.
Misuse of sarcasm as a response to criticism.	i realize that the  so edgy  response if often made half jokingly, which is completely fine.	there is nothing compelling someone to respond to an argument, and any kind of dismissal can only be seen as a refusal to participate.
Dangers of religion and ideology.	religion and ideology can cause normal people to do horrible things.	people are homophobic because they are assholes, not because of religion.
Opinions on homosexuality.	homosexuality: a much less arguable point, i believe.	homosexuality is a nonissue.
Personal finance and household budgeting.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	if you are in a jurisdiction which has community property laws, then your spouse has equal ownership over your earnings as you do, and legally just as much say.
Limitations of Concluding Life on Unsampled Galaxies.	or if we had an example from the nearest star with planets, we could conclude that probably every star with planets evolves life.	so basically we have a probability of abiogenesis that is  given the right conditions and a sufficient amount of time.
Justification of invading another country and leaving it in anarchy.	first off, i am not going to go into the reasons for invading another sovereign country.	you do not think the justification of a war has anything to do with whether it is a  good thing  or not ? are you okay with any country invading another for any reason ? please, change my view as to why we completely left the country which is now in anarchy.
Beauty pageants and gender standards.	but hold women at a different standard than men.	ever looked at a man in men is health ? it is exactly the same as woman.
Student fundraising for charity.	get a job, donate some of the money.	but, if people in need are benefitting, then i do not have a problem with it.
Punishment for rape and other crimes.	in my mind, the rapist is not punished like the other criminals, as he can continue to live with the spoils of his crime.	are they too supposed to be punished with rape ? where does this cycle end ?.
Pay discrepancy between hard and easy jobs.	people working  hard  jobs will always be paid more than those working  easier  jobs.	doctor is not a respected profession in russia and is not a high class job.
Rights of Homeless People.	homeless should have natural rights just as we do.	some are not they because they do not work but because they ca not or they made one simple mistake.
Backing up a vehicle.	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	but if i am backing  in  to the spot, i can view the entire area before i even turn to back up and ensure that there is nothing in my way.
City's policy on transportation balance.	the other argument is that the city is gouging drivers.	maybe so, but it is only restoring a bit of balance between driving and other modes of transportation.
Criticism of Obama's handling of racial tensions.	i think people are very quick to judge someone is actions, obama is recent criticisms along with the martin, brown, and garner, as specific intentions of race baiting.	it is like a fireman who starts his own fires and puts them out.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	people have had an influence on you, and you will have had an influence on others.
British stereotypes.	a negative stereotype is that the british are known for their deceit and lies, from which their old oppressive empire was established.	more than the vast majority of countries it has kept its word.
The authenticity of social media posts regarding mental health.	these kinds of posts are easy to fake for attention.	i know /r/suicidewatch is heavily moderated, there was this troll offering methods and crap but he gets weeded out fairly well now.
Legalization of Racism and Free Market Reaction.	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	wrong, the libertarian mindset is against using violence to impose your opinion or majority is on others.
Legalization of Racism and Market Forces.	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	off the top of my head we have paula deen losing a shitload of endorsements after she admits to using racial slurs in her youth.
Achievement and Taking Action	what would  wouldoing my best  achieve that i do not already have ?	i just recently go accepted to a top tier university, the kind with below a  acceptance, and most people would call that amazing.
The importance of skill in creating quality art.	quality art takes skill, the possession of which relies on prior experience.	it is killing a lot of birds with one stone.
Comparison of drug use and video game playing.	i believe that drug use does not imply anything more negative about a person than playing video games does, cmv.	there are no negative stereotypes about drug users in general, only about drug abusers.
Challenges of mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.	why are we trying to push btc mainstream ?	cash can be used everyday to purchase any legal goods your mind can think of.
Cruise activities and limitations.	cruises are also full of activities to keep yourself and your kids occupied during the trip.	so maybe you really mean  i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, and can travel there on a cruise, you should go on a cruise    it is the most cost efficient way to travel and the most luxurious for the price.
Biological sex and intersex conditions.	if you happend to be born with both sets of reproductive organs then you still are one of the two, completely biologically you would just need an operation.	she hates all of the medical complications, she hates the ambiguity, she has been diagnosed with depression and other mental issues as a direct result of this.
Distracted driving and communication barriers.	not being able to call for help if their car breaks down.	what about expressive people who can hear, but gesture with their hands ? do we need to screen for these people ? just outlaw taking your eyes off of the road.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	respectfully, your view is retarded.
Islamophobia and Racism Debate.	however, sociologists consider islamophobia to be a type of racism, despite islam not being a race.	in german language we do not use this term anymore, so maybe i am not firm enough with it and have to rely on the wikipedia article URL please correct me if my understanding is wrong.
Changing last name for practicality and tradition.	well obviously, you are making an assumtion that your family name is more important than theirs.	my wife changed her last name because of tradition and practicality.
VPN and File Sharing as Essential Resources.	those doing some major file sharing, or maybe needing a big pipe for a vpn to work.	you just have to be creative, to open your mind to the possibilities of less limited bandwidth.
Impact of long-term radioactivity pollution on the environment.	and the environment is polluted with radioactivity for over a century.	between   premature deaths, unrelated to the tsunami or radioactivity, occurred due to the stress of the evacuation.
Grading and Approaches in Math, Science, and Humanities Courses.	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	also failing to keep track of your steps can lead to a number of problems and the wrong answer in a great deal of real life situations.
Anime and its Historical Context.	i ca not stand most of the characters.	another important fact to consider is that in western societies, we have developed a social etiquette to  tone down  things and  play it cool  whereas in eastern cultures, people are more  brutally honest  which might translate to  obvious ness  of character interactions.
The role of sociopaths in society and leadership.	in order to minimize people is personal moral codes getting in the way of a powerful, efficient society, sociopaths and other people with little to no morals should be encourages to attain positions of power.	more to the point, you do not need to be a sociopath, autistic, or malignarc to be ruthlessly effective.
Criticism of the Last Republican President's War Actions.	the last republican president started two wars that killed thousands of americans and hundreds of thousands of foreigners.	if you want to blame wars on a president, you have to bring all parties involved into the discussion.
The effects of parenthood on brain chemistry and success.	when you become a parent, your brain chemistry changes and you biochemically become a completely different person.	it is possible to have a kid and still do more with your life than change diapers  this is why parents can deal with baby is crying and pooping and general nastiness, because you are evolutionarily primed to love your child that much.
Comparison of different academic subjects in the UK.	in the uk those who take media are often said to be doing a  soft  subject.	basically media studies is not just the application of english lit techniques to movies and tv shows.
Gun control and government tyranny.	if there are either no guns or very limited types of guns in the us there can be no effective defense against a tyrannical government.	no other developed nation has as lenient of gun laws as america.
Achievement and Taking Action	what would  wouldoing my best  achieve that i do not already have ?	yes i could be happy with what i achieved, but i set my expectations too high to allow myself to do that.
Abortion and Carelessness.	but lets be honest, there are not even close to a majority of rape and birth defect screeners getting abortions.	however, it has been my experience that there a lot of people who took all the precautions and they still ended up pregnant.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	irrelevant your argument is on the use of profanity not on a public judgmment of your friend.
Misuse of sarcasm as a response to criticism.	i realize that the  so edgy  response if often made half jokingly, which is completely fine.	like it is a some magic bullet that defeats all anti religious criticisms.
Logic vs. Science in Understanding Human Behavior.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	science does not give you any rational explanations for making sense of being a self conscious, self aware, hairless ape in a confusing world.
Responsibility for deaths in Gaza bombing campaign.	hamas declining/ignoring these opportunities of peace have left israel with no options besides retaliation.	ironically, hamas was first supported by israel because the real threat to israel were the secular arab dictatorships, not religious groups that eventually turned extremist.
Proposal to exclude non-contributors from society.	how about we reject the poor and people that do not contribute to society out of that society.	you would end up back in the stone age, poor   starving yourself, having murdered half of the humans on the planet.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	sure, there is a demographic of people who are looking for hook ups.
Regulation and Competition in the ISP Industry.	the only thing that could kill the emergence of smaller incoming isp competitors is an overbearing regulatory regime that costs a fortune to comply with.	things that kill smaller incoming isps: high cost of infrastructure if they do not already own the cable or telephone wires.
Testing people's ability to distinguish between wines.	therefore, i basically believe that people ca not tell the difference between wines.	do not bandy words on the internet when you can easily run an empirical experiment instead.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	compare peppermint patty to something like stan lee is invisible girl of a similar time period and it is night and day.
Controversial views on treatment of mentally ill individuals.	i am leaving out those with mental illnesses for the sake of my ignorant argument.	why are you leaving out the mentally ill ? if we cannot treat them, surely it makes just as much sense to exterminate them as well.
Capitalism and its benefits.	i also see capitalism as an efficient machine that has helped increase standards of livings, brought new technologies, etc.	this wealth became the foundation of capitalism.
Women's willingness to give up something for sex.	i ca not think of any scenario in which women are willing to give up something of significant value in order to get sex.	therefore, why would a woman who wants sex do things that would tend to get her bad sex ? combine this with the above and it is easy to see why men and women fall in the roles that they do.
Alcohol education courses in schools.	every semester i have to spend a few hours doing a course on alcohol that i have taken four times so far.	i am not sure about every semester, but most schools require students to take some sort of alcohol course upon entry to their school.
Charities and CEO Salaries.	many charities that you may donate to pay their employees and ceo is ridiculous salaries.	it is not greedy that i do not give to charity.
The art of magic and suspension of disbelief.	there is suspension of disbelief, not only for that magician but then for all magicians.	camera tricks or not, a successful magic trick will not tip the secret.
Benefits of waiting to buy video games.	games do not need to be bought on release.	which is great ! but does not negate that the only necessary justification for buying a new release is  i want to.
The dangers of indoor smoking.	once dissipated, the concentration of toxins is negligible.	annoying  may not be as noble of a reason as  protecting my health  but it is a much more legitimate reason in this case.
Benefits of colonization.	of course, i am speaking of only the good things about colonization.	that, and through their racial suppression of the natives, they forced them to be reliant on the europeans to run the show and helped make the continent the unstable region it is now.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	europe is problems stem from political, economic, geographic, and cultural divisions within the continent.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	the final answer is just as important as the work.
Computer Science Major and Money Making	however, i am not really into the whole programming aspect, which i now realize the computer science major mostly consists of.	a friend of mine as a javascript developer.
Police shootings and statistical evidence.	almost daily we hear of police shooting and killing unarmed and unthreatening citizens along with animals.	who does  they  refer to ? are you claiming that  all  cops are abusive of their power ? or that just some are ? and if it is just some, what proportion ? if it is a negligible proportion, meanwhile the vast majority of police officers are doing their jobs and arresting those who break the law without committing unnecessary acts of violence, then i would argue that the general statement  fuck the police  is unwarranted.
Race and Libertarianism.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	as stated in other posts, the government was forcing people to be racist, ala jim crow laws, libertarians loathed those laws when they were created and they certainly bemoan them now.
Appropriation of Black Culture in Hip Hop.	white guys and chicks are all listening to hip hop,slurring their words, putting on a blacker accent and using more black words like  ratchet  or  twerk .	black culture is not some singular amorphous blob but a collection of other cultures that share a common history of experiences.
Religious freedom and conformity.	there is not freedom to practice religious beliefs if you are required to adhere to any of the religious beliefs or rules of other religions.	and you are not being forced to do so; you are being  forced , if that is the right word, to live with others practicing their religions.
Validity of gender identities and expressions.	i believe all of these expressions are made up by people who want to feel different and special.	she hates all of the medical complications, she hates the ambiguity, she has been diagnosed with depression and other mental issues as a direct result of this.
Controversy over the use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	black culture is not some singular amorphous blob but a collection of other cultures that share a common history of experiences.
The impact of a child's self-perception on their development.	a child growing up thinking he is less important than everyone else could be just as, if not more, damaging than a child growing up thinking he is more important than everyone else.	school buses stop the entire planet every time they pick a kid up stop signs, bus arms, etc.
Religion's role in governing and the "dark ages".	therefore, the muslim world will never see the abandonment of religion in everyday governing life as a useful long term solution.	laws prohibiting the right to vote for women, for example, might have stemmed from christian heritage being more repressive to women in terms of their property rights and familial roles.
Israel's methods for rooting out weapons caches.	israel could root out weapons caches using methods that are far less likely to kill civilians even if those methods were less effective, since the actual risk to israeli lives would still be minuscule.	what method do they have that satisfies the dual desires, reduce israeli ptsd and military expenses, reduce palestine civilian deaths ? they do some methods to reduce deaths certainly.
The limitations of defining sentience.	i believe that our current inability to explain the nature of our self awareness is rooted in ignorance of our biology.	true free will  would basically free  you  from everything that defines you, i.
Social isolation among gamers.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	i realize that i may not be able to easily connect with these people socially because we do not share a common interest, but even in watching the interaction of those who i know to dedicate a significant amount of time to competitive sport with others is a noticeable inability to discuss anything beyond said sport with any level of depth.
Dangers of religion and ideology.	religion and ideology can cause normal people to do horrible things.	that is because people are crazy and bigoted.
Cultural influence on dietary and sexual preferences.	i do not think you are primitive and cruel if you eat meat, i think you are a victim of circumstance like everyone else and have that choice made for you by your culture.	except, with a global population of over  billion, we cannot necessarily sustain ourselves completely without meat.
Escalator etiquette and passing direction.	i said the  passing side of the escalator  because i suppose in some countries people may pass on the right.	rude and inconsiderate people stand on the passing side, blocking everyone who wants to pass.
Voting and Political Thinking	i want to vote for someone who i would actually want to hold that office.	green party, dem/rep party, whatever it is.
Debate on the Benefits of Reading Books.	a typical argument would be how much more engaging a book is because you are using your imagination to form scenes and develop characters, but i think readers generally take that concept to a level that simply does not exist.	to hide things from the reader.
The joy of getting married in a simple way.	people who are really, truly in love would get just as much joy out of getting married at city hall with a small reception for family and friends at a park or a cheap banquet hall.	if she wants to share ti with her friends and family, are you going to deny her that ? i do not think you can decide for other people what they need to be happy in a relationship.
Gender representation in politics.	is less women in politics even an issue ?	i think this is the main issue, from now on, every women would need to prove theirselves twice as hard they really are capable politicians, not that they are here just because some quota said so.
Definition of a hero and terrorism.	but bravery does not a hero make.	actually bravery is exactly what defines a hero and there was nothing brave about the / terrorists.
Handling emotional outbursts during a discussion.	the minute someone starts stomping their feet, uncontrollably swearing, crying, running away, or whatever no matter who is right and who is wrong the other is expected to drop their claim.	there are ways of expressing feelings and conveying disagreement without resorting to childish behavior.
Use of force in a situation.	you should only use the minimum amount of force as is necessary to escape the situation.	if someone assaults you with their natural weapons, and you need to fight back, you can use your natural weapons to the best of your ability.
Freedom of speech and regulations.	i should be able to say what i want.	freedom of speech at least as understood in american culture and law is necessary for robust civil discourse.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	i also recognize that ethics and personal values are highly subjective.	now, you only have one option if you do not want to reject your theory: accept that i am right in thinking we should execute more criminals, thus showing that ethical egoism does not lead to more kindness and that we both right at the same time while arguing the exact opposite.
Comparison of rap lyrics to other genres.	there are plenty of examples given from rappers who are very conscious and clever, but even those hardly ever say anything i feel holds a candle to good lyrics from other genres.	every genre has high quality music and low quality music, id rather make a comparison between high quality music then low quality music.
Batman's Mass Assault on Bane and the Consequences	in dkr batman organizes a mass assault on bane, knowing the police are using guns, and bane is troops are using guns, which leads to a lot of deaths.	batman might think he is not killing people, but he is straight up killing lots of people.
Tolerance and morality in society.	but conservative societies do not have to tolerate liberal members.	would you rather have an immoral country with power, or a moral country with power ? you see it for what it is because of your freedom of thought and expression.
Far-right extremism and its definition.	i believe fascist neo nazi groups, the kkk, the golden dawn or any religious extremist group like radical islamism all fall under the far right.	what about the communists/socialists of before that have killed millions of people ? why do you discount them in favor of the far right ?.
Pacifism as an Approach to Dealing with Terrorism.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	if you go in with all guns blazing it wo not just not work, it will be actively counterproductive.
Parental responsibility and economic impact on child's success.	the children's mistakes are ultimately the parents' mistakes, a child who struggles in earnest or intentionally slacks off is a direct reflection of parenting.	a child who is struggling in earnest should probably be held back a year.
Frequency of Moving Heavy Objects.	how often are you actually moving something huge ?	for this reason, having at least some of the people in our group have vehicles with a large amount of storage space is very useful.
Marijuana use as a moral turpitude offense.	the several times he has used drugs marijuana counts as a multiple moral turpitude offense, which generally is considered against standards of  contrary to community standards of justice, honesty or good morals.	not only does it not matter where he lives, the rules do not apply to him.
Experience of reading and editing on a computer.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	i actually own a kindle, but i never use it because i prefer reading on my laptop.
Opinions on homosexuality.	homosexuality: a much less arguable point, i believe.	i say this primarily because this tactic is a staple of those who oppose equality santorum equating homosexuality to beastiality, etc.
Fundamental rights in American government.	these were the first fundamental rights we declared for ourselves as americans and i believe these rights are one of the building blocks of american government today.	nothing in that document has any effect on the law of the land.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	peanuts has been running in pretty much every newspaper in america that features comic strips for decades.
Perception of police by law-abiding citizens.	for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	if a cop walks up to me on the street, in an alleged attempt to  be my friend , and starts asking me questions, i am going assume he has some angle he is working and is not just trying to be friendly.
Religious freedom and constitutional limits.	the laws seem to favor one religious view over another, which is unconstitutional.	i suppose you could designate one person as the primary decision maker, but now you have a unique legal relationship with that partner.
Capitalism and its benefits.	i also see capitalism as an efficient machine that has helped increase standards of livings, brought new technologies, etc.	in this venture, the workers contribute their labor which is contingent upon their health and bodies for most of their lives, while the capitalist contributes capital which is contingent upon nothing other than the collective imagining of its value.
AI's potential to destroy humanity.	ai destroying humanity would require some semblance of sentience and evolution past the originally programmed purpose.	not only are we not currently close to this, but it is not even on the horizon.
The value of life and abortion.	there is a reason life was listed first, if you do not have a right to your life, you ca not have a right to anything else.	the first one is to be born in american soil  jus soli.
Patriotism and Job Creation.	many Americans think that creating jobs for americans is morally superior to creating jobs for people of other countries.	really ? there are plenty of patriots that are in favor of immigration.
Realism of Bruce Wayne as a character.	and gives off the impression that bruce wayne is a real person and not just a persona.	he is not the comic book character, he is what the comic book character might be in real life.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	a lot of modern art is built up upon context.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	what you may not realize is that sometimes the couple wanted a small thing but one or both of the couples parents pushed for a big celebration this is a big day for them to see their son or daughter be married off.
Casual sex and its effects on society.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	you can see that today in certain places in africa or asia.
Controversy over new gender identities.	making up new genders, like genderqueer, is pretty confusing to me.	the lbgt community is internally unclear to the use of those specific terms as well as pronouns, so no one is out to get the english language.
Censorship of Swearing in Kids Shows	i will also add that yes, i also do think that swearing should not be censored in kids shows either.	frequently exposing children to aggressive language before they have the experience to understand the appropriate context of it can lead to inappropriate social development.
Properties of pi.	yet the digits of pi are never ending and never repeating.	we do not even know if pi has an infinite number of each digit   in it.
Benefits and drawbacks of taking time to make decisions.	when making a decision, taking long amounts of time to analyse and consider one is options is more beneficial than making a decision that is regretful.	because you ca not always sit around and deliberate on decisions.
Attire at Music Festivals.	should girls be expected to wear bikini tops and bra is in public ?	if you are worried about your sister, i would probably be more worried about drug use going on at a festival than how people are dressed.
Discussion on discomfort and homophobia in locker rooms.	but having the discomfort should not be viewed as homophobic.	there is no real advantage to that, and it only serves to alienate/marginalize gay team members or gym customers by making them feel like they are doing something wrong.
Government's role in finances of cohabiting couples.	i have no problem publicly committing my love to the woman i want to spend my life with, but will not go along with the government dictating how we handle our finances.	as long as you are cohabitating for an extended period of time.
Efficiency of government vs private sector and privatization.	there is not a single example of a government organization working with greater efficiency than a corporate or private sector competitor.	but in reality exactly the same events happened.
Laughing at disabilities and personality traits.	i am not offended or anything, but there is just something in me that says  laughing at autistic people is wrong .	if he did not have autism, laughing at any of these personality traits would not be so offensive.
Consent and Birth Conditions.	apparently, i consented to these conditions by being born.	this does not guarantee they will follow through, of course, nor does it guarantee that your exact interests will be perfectly represented in government.
Judging Others at a Social Event.	why would you go swimming with a gaping wound at your side, when these waters are known to be shark infested ?	would be rapists are the ones that break the law and they are the ones that ultimately make the decision.
Travel options for coastal cities and limitations of cruises.	most large cities are on the coast and you are able to travel anywhere.	you might want to travel to a small town, a natural wonder, or literally the middle of nowhere.
Media portrayal of criminals vs average citizens during difficult times.	but why are the cases that are most blasted over the media only focused on thugs ?	does this mean that the stasi were in the right ? that they were just taking care of the thugs and letting the law abiding citizens go about their way ? to put it more succinctly: you should not have to be a saint to get fair treatment in a just society.
The social effects of identifying as a gamer.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	could one who solely plays alone benefit from outdoor sports with teammates in person ? of course.
Criticism of Jefferson Davis and Robert E. Lee's Role in U.S. History	jefferson davis and robert e.  lee, lee especially, were directly responsible for the single worst crisis in u. s.	the confederacy did not survive for very long.
Debate on Abortion and Fetal Development.	i have always believed that abortion is a good thing.	any  time ? two weeks before its due date, an embryo is more or less indistinguishable from a new born baby.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	more importantly there is not a naturalistic way to find out intent of the objective.
Christian Republicans and obstruction of progress in government.	christian republicans want to legislate their religion and try to do so constantly.	when did they try to do this ? now his party tries to obstruct any form of progress in our government.
Social etiquette and behavior.	if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	but using people is opinions you dislike as a method to spurn them is the same as they are doing, which makes you a hypocrite.
Police abuse and accountability.	to clarify; i think these officers abusing their uniform are repulsive.	quite frankly, we are not just mad that these things happen, we are mad that they happen and nothing gets done.
Debate on the Death Penalty	the death penalty makes no sense in modern society.	if the state could deter potential murders through a death penalty, as well as other crimes, it then becomes a matter of arithmetic.
Faking wealth.	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	gandhi and many others had all of that but very little money.
Real Names and Consequences for Online Behavior	but i believe the harassment, the threats, the racism, homophobia, and just general douchebaggery would be nearly eliminated if there were real names and real consequences for your words/actions online.	speaking of homophobia, lgbt people who live in very homophobic environments pretty much need online anonymity in order to reach out and talk to similar people.
Concerns about mixed-gender bathrooms.	there are already unisex and family bathrooms some places that are used with no complaint.	i also do not want a man in the next stall when i am emptying my diva cup or changing a pad.
Pharmacies and Vaccinations.	the shot is a big way for the pharmacies to make their money from a virus that is not even relevant.	ranged from , to ,.
The social effects of identifying as a gamer.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	single player video games are, as the name suggests, isolating when compared to sports.
Police brutality and lynching.	the purpose of lynching is to terrorize a minority community.	this would imply that the police officer made the conscious decision to kill a black person that day in cold blood, and then after that decision had been made randomly selected michael brown to be his victim.
Criticism of Feminist Naming Conventions	i am all for that, but as feminists, why choose a name that now singles out women ?	i think the name makes it more relevant for women, and gives more recognition for more women.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	it is made it so that an ssn  is  enough to open an account nowadays, whether we like it or not.
Upgrading furniture.	we should view upgrades to our couches the same way we see remodeling a kitchen.	ripping out fixtures requires a lot of work, can cause damage, and may not fit in the new house.
Choosing to Keep or Change Last Name After Marriage	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	only because it is considered socially normal to do so.
Corporate liability for death and officer bans.	death: any and all officers active at the time of the incident are permanently banned from participating in that corporation.	that being said, let is take a closer look at your view:  nbsp;  because of the nature of corporations, there can be situations where the corporation caused injury or death to a person yet no one person actually made a decision that knowingly caused it.
Morality and belief in God.	without a god there is no reason not rape and murder.	people do not believe that things are wrong because god punishes them, but that god punishes them for being wrong.
Nature of human rights and moral constructs.	i believe all rights given to any human are social constructs, produced by society from moral structures determined by a multitude of factors.	but just because a society would function better by respecting certain rights, does not mean these rights are necessarily  amoral.
Limitations of Multiple Choice Exams.	a lot of subjects simply do not make sense with multi choice exams and tests.	if not, its literature questions or grammar questions which can be mc.
Non-consensual sharing of intimate photos.	i think about all the porn out there, i know some photos of random girls have to have been from a boyfriend or ex that were uploaded without the girl is permission.	this can lead to a loss of economic and employment opportunities, and it can strain or end a woman is personal relationships.
Experience of reading and editing on a computer.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	if i already have a machine capable of doing all of my school work, why would i spend money on a second one ? in general, i much prefer the idea of having a single device that i can use for everything, and a tablet is too specialized for many functions.
Sociopaths and Moral Quandaries	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	sociopaths do not seem to be the bastion of clear and logical thought though.
Same-sex marriage and government involvement in marriage.	so not to get hung up on technicalities, but people cite the equal protection clause of the constitution as a basis for the claim of discrimination inherent in same sex marriage bans.	you need an extremely narrow definition of the word  discriminatory  to pull this argument off.
The accuracy of education research in academia.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	are meteorologists as respected as astrophysicists ? if there is one thing to know about economics, it is that public policy is almost never reflective of economic consensus.
Intolerance and Tolerance in Europe.	europeans act so fucking surprised when a kid grows up and believes the same thing his parents did back in the old country, as if people magically absorb ideas.	what place of earth has clean past ? americans killed off whole culture and put them in reservations.
The impact of abolishing intellectual property on science and progress.	i also believe that abolishing intellectual property could result prejudicial to science and progress as less people would be willing to dedicate their lives to innovating.	history contradicts that: great leaps forward were made in arts and sciences before ip was a thing.
Use of Neutral Language in Progressive Discourse.	those of a progressive persuasions also replace words felt to have a nasty connotation, such as  prostitute , with bland,  neutral  terms such as  sex worker  which of course are not neutral, but seek to reinforce the author is opinion in one way or another .	of course, with judgement free treatment of the sex industry being a progressive value in and of itself, the contradiction between the two is inevitable.
Responsibility to inform about infidelity.	as a continuation, i believe the right thing for c to do is to inform b of a is infidelity regardless.	knowingly hurting someone is, or should be considered immoral.
Minimum wage and menial work.	the work is usually menial and grueling.	i do not think there is any issues here, regarding people being offended by you refusing to not work for minimum wage.
Atheism and conversion.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	are you implying nobody has ever converted ? most atheists separate from the church.
Parasitism in the financial system.	when financial wizards who contribute nothing of value for the nation are able to capture increasingly more of the nation is productivity for themselves at the expense of everyone else, that is parasitism.	this reeks of partisanship, are you of the mentality that liberal policies are the only sensible government and all others are evil ?.
The importance of scientific evidence in making claims.	i have no concrete scientific knowledge on which i rest my argument besides the fact i cannot see a reason to believe that a metaphysical explanation is necessary.	if the evidence was all finally compiled and seemed to indicate that an immaterial brain  was  necessary, would you be stubborn or would you cede to the evidence ? if you would not, you are not open to changing your view.
The impact of abolishing intellectual property on science and progress.	i also believe that abolishing intellectual property could result prejudicial to science and progress as less people would be willing to dedicate their lives to innovating.	it is, essentially, a lottery who stumbles on a great invention.
Economic Benefits of Increasing Population.	explain to me why the average person benefits from an increasing population like many economists say ?	one byproduct, however, is that the nordic model would tax the rich heavily and eventually cause the gap between rich and poor to cease to exist.
Casual sex and its effects on society.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	you can go in with the best intentions in mind, but if you end up wanting different things and ca not compromise, it can cause some major issues in your relationship.
Blurring of sci-fi/fantasy events with alternative lifestyle events.	sci fi/fantasy events are no longer particularly visually different from alternative lifestyle events, despite theoretically having little to do with that.	are there still creepy people at these events ? sure, but they know that creepy behaviors are not going to be tolerated.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	republicans are obstructionist  within  a democratic system as a form of controlling that system, they do not desire it is dismantling.
Difficulty of learning and education for exceptional individuals.	there are no difficult subjects to learn.	if that is not a challenge then you are not actually taking it seriously.
Body positivity and weight acceptance.	there is a lot going around the internet in regards to people being comfortable with their weight.	people i know who are overweight tend to eat unhealthy and not exercise.
Criticism of Environmental Hypocrisy in Private Jet Use	i have never heard these guys advocate the ban of private jets.	his act of flying private gives the message that being wasteful is okay if you have money.
Definition of consciousness and its relation to subjective experience.	clarification of terms: i am using  consciousness  here to refer to any kind of subjectivity/awareness/interiority.	my point is, if people on the other side of the world are experiencing things that i will never know, then that would be a separate  consciousness  by your definition.
Sociopaths and Moral Quandaries	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	a sociopath simply does not reflect societies values.
The limited success of college football players in going pro.	the free education argument does not fly either.	however, they know they need a post secondary education and if they can play football, a game they love, while getting their education cheaper than normal or free, why would someone pass that up.
Household chores and responsibilities.	you now would have to do all that shit on your own.	very often there simply is not that much work to do to maintain a household.
Two-state solution and Israeli annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the two state solution, israel would have to treat a palestine, as a country, with sovereignty.	israel officially endorses a two state solution.
The War on Christmas and Religious Inclusivity.	the real goal of the  war on christmas  is to claim ownership of the end of the year, and pressure others to only acknowledge the christian holiday and exclude all others.	but to those who are not so happy about being inclusive it is not.
Challenging the Link between Slavery and Black Household Poverty.	which would lead me to believe that the obvious argument of  slavery black households are forever impoverished  is a weak one.	this all presumes, however, that discrimination is not a significant factor depressing the achievement of black americans, but this is simply incorrect.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	the topic of god just does not come up in naturalistic studies.
Self-defense tactics and ethics.	if you do not want a vicious beating do not go around attacking people unjustly.	does your assailant just give up any moral rights by attacking you.
Concerns about social division with BYOD in schools.	my biggest concern with byod in schools is increased social division.	this arguement would also apply to cars, clothes, and any number of items that could possibly show difference in wealth between the students.
Benefits of colonization.	of course, i am speaking of only the good things about colonization.	connecting the world is nice sure but it is not worth the tens of millions of deaths, cultures destroyed, and countless areas destabilized.
Severity of punishment for unintentional wrongdoings.	If a person does something wrong unintentionally, he should not be punished very severely	when you hit and killed him, you truly were not guilty and it was a genuine accident.
Gender and Advice Giving.	if you ask a man, however, you will get more useful advice.	this is assuming that the man is dating the exact kind of women who you want to date and who would want to date you.
Gender representation in politics.	is less women in politics even an issue ?	it is very possible the same thing happens to women in politics.
Existence of beings comparable to gods in the universe.	isnt the obvious extrapolation that beings exist in the universe which are comparable to gods or higher powers ?	this is just an argument for assuming that humans will eventually reach a technological level that current humans would find indistinguishable from magic, just as our ancestors would view us.
Discussion on Objectivity and Taxpayer's Money	i do not care about the financial aspect on tax payers either.	anyone can post any view and simply say that they do not care about the counterpoints, but is that the mark of a view that is open to change ?.
Rules against stereotyping and attacking groups based on beliefs.	rules against attacking groups defined by belief.	many religions teach their followers to be homophobic, or call for violence against other groups.
Debate on the Purpose of Organic Farming.	organic farming is supposed to be about creating an alternative to the unsustainable industrial agricultural system.	unfortunately, most of the people spending  bucks a week for two people at whole foods have no idea what the labels  actually mean  from a practical standpoint.
Criticism of GOP's War on Drugs policy.	the gop started the war on drugs, a policy which is obviously a gross mismanagement of taxpayer dollars and racist to boot.	economic arguments are not the same as restricting.
The limitations of ethical consumerism.	in practice, ethical consumerism is used as an excuse to abolish democratically implemented regulations, leaving huge questions the environment, workers rights, and the like to the will of a system that inherently values profit over superficial  ethics .	my sustainable, organic, fair wage coffee may still deliver the same caffeine dose as the cheap generic coffee, but knowing that one was produced with my particular ethics in mind, is of great utility to me, even if the product performs similarly.
Body positivity and weight acceptance.	there is a lot going around the internet in regards to people being comfortable with their weight.	it is internal, not the number on a scale.
Economic policy regarding import and export.	if we export money, we lose that money from our economy.	what is the source of american wealth ? we export dollars in exchange for goods, but we print them.
Gender representation in video games.	the right to play as a female character in a certain game ?	so the content of games is something to be considered.
Inequality in the justice system for the wealthy.	maybe if a few more senator daughters or ceo sons ended up in jail with clear video evidence we would see change in our laws.	daddy calls the family lawyer who works out a nice deal where the kid is ultimately released with little to no punishment.
Mixing religion and politics in the US.	christian republicans want to legislate their religion and try to do so constantly.	now his party tries to obstruct any form of progress in our government.
Taboos on certain tattoo types.	tattoos are not just for gang members and social outcasts.	swastikas or tastelessly erotic images then why should an employer intentionally not hire an individual who is expressing themselves through body modification ? express yourself, but not on the employers time.
Labeling Feminism as Egalitarianism	why not label yourselves as something like egalitarian ?	a lot are egalitarians, they are simply choosing to put an emphasis on the areas where women have it worse.
Believing in Love and Overcoming Heartbreak.	i believe we should all believe in love, and fight for it.	and they are not mutually exclusive.
The nature of morals and their subjectivity.	i do not think morals actually exist.	we can than say that morals are subjective in there very nature, and i would add a purely social construct.
Religion and Logic	i just ca not see how intelligence and logical reasoning can coexist with religious beliefs.	as there is no evidence for a god, the logical explanation is that it is probably non existent.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	it gives the producer more information than simply not buying it.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	i also recognize that ethics and personal values are highly subjective.	you do not need an ultimate universal ethical authority.
Gender representation in politics.	is less women in politics even an issue ?	is not it possible that maybe there are not as much women in our society in general that would like to pursue a carrier of politician ? maybe there are not as much women interested in politics and less women in political parties are direct consequence of this ? people say this about a lot of things, but there is no good reason to believe that it is true.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	to some people the big ceremony is important.
Two-state solution and Israeli annexation of Palestinian territories.	in the two state solution, israel would have to treat a palestine, as a country, with sovereignty.	palestine does not have a functioning, united government.
The effectiveness of using second person in writing.	using  you  also let is the writer come up with examples for whatever their purpose he/she is writing for to better get their message across.	who may elect not to answer during police questioning ? the reader, according to the paragraph; which is correct.
The role of the government in business and society.	society needs rich people to look up to.	a lot of corporations are only on top because the playing field has become tilted in their direction.
Comparison between fistbump and handshake.	a fistbump establishes a sense of camaraderie and kinship in just a second, whereas a handshake can take several seconds to complete, at a greater personal investment to both parties.	i think this right here is why the fistbump ca not or should not ? completely replace the handshake or its equivalents.
Advantages of being attractive	i believe because of these factors, attractive people ultimately have happier lives and have way more success while putting in way less work, financially, socially, and emotionally.	the answer is very few.
Causes of crime in society.	i would claim that all crime stems from societal, cultural or personal problems.	economy, mental health, the treatment of a person or class in society, etc.
Police abuse and accountability.	to clarify; i think these officers abusing their uniform are repulsive.	as it stands, too often that is not the case.
Accessibility to affordable healthcare.	there is no good reason why people ca not directly pay for routine check ups, simple medical treatment e. g.	getting stitches , have you ever been to an er and received a bill ? getting stitches at an er can be $s of dollars, not everyone has the money to pay that right out of pocket.
Perception of gift value based on giver's income.	many people are wowed by the amounts of zeros present in the gift and forget that proportionately to the giver is income, the gift may have been piddling.	so, when you receive a gift from someone, do you review it as  well, you could have afforded better ?   given their circumstances ? i was taught to be happy with what is given to you.
Spanking and Understanding Consequences in Young Children.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	i have never understood why this is a reason to spank them.
Equality and freedom of choice in societal roles.	i believe that having different or inequal roles in society are ok if the people participating in those roles are not bothered by it.	i believe most people would define that as equality.
Abortion and Fetal Personhood.	the crux of the argument is whether the fetus is a person.	viability is about  weeks and the third trimester starts at  weeks.
Contradiction in treatment of mutants in Marvel Universe.	at the moment, there is a weird contradiction where mutants are supposed to be  hated and feared  by everyone, but there are tons of other superheroes who seem exactly like mutants spider man, for example who do not ever worry about stuff like that.	they would honestly be less compelling if they did not have the entire marvel universe to interact with such as being on various teams.
The limitations of God's abilities and the perspective of organisms.	god is supposedly all knowing, all present, and all powerful yet there are no organisms on earth that display physiological capacities to do the things that god can do.	it passes overhead and tells us when to swim and where food can be ! praise light dot ! we are likely not the only life in the universe.
Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	lgbt organisations are trying to destroy the idea of that gay bad.
The benefits of believing in a higher power.	if you believe in a higher power or god, you get rewarded if you are right.	conveniently, today is followers just decide to ignore the negative aspects, or reason them away.
Refereeing and Holding Calls.	i acknowledge that referees seem to call  holding  only on actions that directly affect the outcome of the play.	on the first picture you can see the shirt of the player in black bunching up around the back as if being pulled forward.
Dieting and Exercise vs. Regulating Caloric Intake	i do not care about being right i care about losing weight, and i never wanna do yoga again !	this has nothing to do with changing your view, but one of the best ways to lose weight is by  drinking water.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	religion has been used as a tool to propagate that, but even in a magical world where it was gone entirely, the conflict would remain.
Debate on Sizeism and Weight Judgement.	i think sizeism should not be a thing.	people i know who are overweight tend to eat unhealthy and not exercise.
Moral Authority of America	someone convince me that america still has some moral authority ?	furthermore moral authority is generally upheld on a case by case basis.
Death and its implications.	in short, choosing death means choosing the easy way out.	dying is not easy, but it is easier than living with your problems.
Beauty standards and body image.	is real beauty not being thin, even though you may happen to have a high metabolism or eat healthy foods ?	it seems you are assuming health always equals thin, everyone wants thin, you can tell health at a glance, etc.
Misuse of downvoting on Reddit.	secondly, downvoting is not supposed to be an implement of disapproval at least, not on reddit .	then upvotes should not be for agreeing with something.
War and soldiers' actions.	if he would fought for the union, the war would have been over much sooner.	soldiers cannot be prosecuted for acts of war.
The pursuit of happiness.	if i surpass any previous accomplishment by any other human, or spend all my days watching spanish soap operas and eating chips i do not speak spanish , the end result is the same: oblivion.	if you do not know what will make you happy, well, for now the meaning of your life is to find out what might.
Happiness and Ignorance as Incompatible Concepts.	the view to challenge is the one of happiness being dependant on maintaining ignorance.	at worst i would say happiness and intelligence are orthogonal.
The importance of secrets and thoughts in people's lives.	i personally have sworn off secrets in my life, but i know many people do not want to.	this information is private, and nobody has the right to invade that privacy because they think you might be a criminal.
Importance of Happiness vs Money	doing what makes you happy is just as important as making money.	so, although it is good advice to take into account potential income when choosing a career, if it is the only criteria you might end up doing a job you hate, you wo not be very good at it, you might have stress and relationship issues and end up being more unstable than a career with a smaller income but makes you enjoy life.
The meaning of life and enjoying the moment.	enjoying the moment is possible, but does not make life have a point.	dew ! perhaps life is a game and you win by spending that time the best way you can.
The Definition of Sports and Extracurricular Activities.	now, for some reason, there has been a strange push in the last decade or so to define just about any and all extracurricular activities as sports, especially in high schools.	for the majority cheerleading squads, this is probably ok.
Suicide and Responsibility for Dependents	if you have committed no crimes against someone else, nor infringed upon their rights, society has no right to stop you from taking your own life if that is what you so choose.	if you commit suicide and you have a dependent child on you, this would be equivalent of abandonment, a crime.
Gender and Sentencing Disparities.	furthermore, adolescent boys are often physically bigger and stronger than older women, so feelings of coercion in that respect are not as pronounced if the genders were switched.	an adult has greater agency and experience than a child, and a teacher is placed in a natural position of authority over a student.
Limitations of Society's Discoveries and Importance of Evidence-Based Claims.	and so as a society, we are restricting our discoveries and inventions to the small areas of science and technology that we know about so far, that we think are credible and worthwhile.	nobody studies anything supernatural because, even if such things existed, it would be a waste of time.
Compensation for prisoner labor.	people, even prisoners should not be exploited for free labor.	the lack of sufficiently merit based variable compensation might give less incentive for quality, but the lack of that incentive is not unique to prison labor, but is pretty well in common with virtually all labor.
Gender roles and stereotypes in sexual behavior.	i really want to start thinking that men could also be considered a whore and that a woman can be a player.	as long as they are not hurting other people with their basketball playing, whether or not they are good at basketball has no bearing on their value as a person.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	summer used to be a farming thing, but nowadays it is evolved into a break for students.
Parasitic Strategies in Politics and Government.	the successful parasite is first best move is to jam the host organism is immune system, which in our case, would be a functioning government/democracy and progressive taxation.	lower wages were found in china and elsewhere, long ago.
Swiss-like foreign policy and government services.	as a citizen, i would get the most from my tax dollars and government services if the us adopted a swiss like neutral foreign policy.	also, if we did not actively seek to promote our position we would most definitely be losing out on opportunities that would then be taken by our competitors read: china, india, eu, russia, brazil.
Bible and cross dressing exceptions.	bible against cross dressing.	i am not intimately familiar with the bible myself, but since your arguments are based on  this person is another gender, so the proscriptions in the bible relating to homosexuality and cross dressing do not apply , we first have to establish whether the bible accepts that the person is indeed another gender.
Debate on Monogamy vs. Open Relationships.	more over, the reasons for being monogamous are exclusively character flaws related to the items mentioned above, or outright ignorance about non monogamy, about stis, etc .	i have zero interest in sex with other people because i have found someone i get such an  emotional  pleasure in addition to the physical.
Issues with the Penalty System in Sports.	the penalty itself lacks rationale, in that the offending player is simply victim of the laws of physics and momentum.	my understanding is that running into the kicker ritk is meant to address a gray area between two possible events.
Mental health and counseling	i do not see any reason why i should not want this.	if you are clear of that, then you should pursue it.
Gender equality and reproductive rights.	if women are given control over their reproductive system contraception she is able to control the balance of power much more.	both activities are adding value to the family, and families should be treated as units.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	it does not end.
Advocating for higher speed limits on roads.	the roads can be safely navigated at higher speeds.	the economic cost to society of speeding related crashes is estimated by nhtsa to be $ billion per year.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	to make an accurate assessment the patient needs to be seen by a mental health provider not the family doctor and a complete history needs to be taken.
Exploitation of Potential Outside Public Education System.	so, a society has more to gain by exploiting their potential than that of the average student.	but if they are  gifted , then it will show in those areas.
Accusations of Racism and Failure to Accept Self-Identity	i am accused of just being secretly racist, which i do not know how to disprove.	it is super rude to tell someone that their identity does not exist because you are refusing to accept them on the terms they see themselves.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	not all women want either thing.
Financial stability and selling out.	when you obviously have enough to be financially stable, everything after that is pure greed and no matter how great your work was in the past, the fact that you have lost your values undermines it.	let is say i wrote a song and recorded a song about my cat dying.
Inherent cognitive biases and misinterpretation of data.	i cannot be sure that i am not inherently designed in a way that forces me to believe falsehoods and misinterpret experiential data.	because it is internally consistent, you know that it is derived  deterministically , and therefore represents reality to some degree of accuracy.
The benefits and drawbacks of giving up freedom.	what the heck is so great about giving up so much of your freedom and taking on unimaginable responsibilities ?	so i jumped at the opportunity to sacrifice myself for a family and thus have a goal and meaning in my life.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	now, imagine that instead of this happening in the us where you are at least slightly aware of international politics, you are in the middle of a mountain range in central asia.
Losing weight and its benefits.	so until employers or the government start allowing exercise during work hours and provide healthy food at all times, what reason do i have to lose weight ?	additionally, it is not your work is responsibility or the government is for that matter to make sure you are getting exercise and healthy food.
Gender bias in media representation.	so my question is:why are women allowed to have female centered mediums with biased views on men, but men are not ?	because men do not like those things.
Extended deadline and luck.	why am i lucky that a deadline was extended because of a situation out of my control ?	google defines luck as:  success or failure apparently brought by chance rather than through one is own actions.
Automation and the Role of the State in Robot Ownership	eventually, all the jobs will theoretically be gone, then all of the robots need to be owned by the state, otherwise the majority of the populace become nothing more than the property of those that own the robots.	why ca not robots be owned by a maintenance company who extracts a profit in exchange for the work of maintaining them, by renting them out to individuals who will use them for the various things they do.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	since they are also working, they get a say in how the household uses its financial resources.
Theological beliefs regarding the nature of man and God.	but what changes by adding god to the picture ?	when they do things like kill, etc.
Income inequality.	why should i care if someone else is making more money than i am ?	or they have so much money that they also start to degrade other systems you rely on, such as legislature.
***Topic: The Need for Big Scale Economic and Global Policy	big scale economic and global policy is needed, because the problem is trillions of times bigger than one guy and his yacht.	whilst it is true that it is bigger than  one guy  we are all just  one guy.
Race and Libertarianism.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	no libertarian would ever claim that laws ought to favor one race over another.
Feminism's Impact on Women's Happiness.	the view i would like to be challenged is this: the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	while your hypothesis may be correct, it is probably wiser and more productive by far to reserve judgment until you have enough data to make a more definitive statement about the nature of the correlation between these two factors.
The insignificance of one's actions over time.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	i do not know the name of every person associated with the development of reddit nor do i care to know but i am thankful for a great site.
The importance of secrets and thoughts in people's lives.	i personally have sworn off secrets in my life, but i know many people do not want to.	it is not about secrets or hidden crimes.
Gender roles and slut-shaming.	because the man is doing the work, the idea of the slut is perpetuated by  allowing  males to sleep with them, so in a world where the norm is that men and women put in equal work when courting, there could be no sluts.	feminists  are  working toward eliminating that stereotype.
Reasons for having a suspended driver's license.	the reason is, an offence to have your licence suspended is pretty big in the original instance.	the judge/magistrate could apply the law selectively but.
The accuracy of education research in academia.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	for just about any research example you could find in social sciences, i bet i could find a correlating one in the harder sciences.
Investment in Boarding Schools in USA.	investing on such boarding schools is not a big deal for countries like usa.	actually the cost of educating an entire generation is quite substantial, even without considering the bureaucratic quagmire that it generates.
Inclusion of "i" in LGBTQ+ acronym.	first, some people fear that adding the  i  would give the wrong impression that all or most intersex people are lesbian, gay, bisexual, and/ or transgender.	further complicating the issue, the word  queer  holds negative connotations to some individuals, especially those in older generations.
Grandfather Paradoxes and Time Travel.	logical grandfather paradoxes were made up for drama and to relate people to the story.	for example, if you had a safe you wanted to open, you could try a number, then go back in time and tell yourself what to try next.
Minimum wage and menial work.	the work is usually menial and grueling.	why make yourself suffer just for $$, and not a lot of it ? i think you will get a lot of heat from people saying you are not working hard enough because you are refusing to take minimum wage jobs, but i think you are making the smart choice.
Handling emotional outbursts during a discussion.	the minute someone starts stomping their feet, uncontrollably swearing, crying, running away, or whatever no matter who is right and who is wrong the other is expected to drop their claim.	do not try to twist it around and blame the person who is involuntarily crying.
The Emotional Connection of Video Games.	a game can make people cry or at least get emotional as the story progresses.	so where are the games that can match the best of literature ? where is the video game equivalent of les miserables ? of the brothers karamazov ? of blood meridian ? of lolita ? of portrait of the artist as a young man ? of crime and punishment or all quiet on the western front ? i can rattle off titles all day.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	because of that, they are in the spiritual position of watching a train hurtling toward you.
Ethics and Psychological Egoism	with no ultimate universal ethical authority, i believe that a person is only obliged to do whatever pleases him/her not necessarily short tem .	killing them off does not damage anything worth saving, as you have stated.
Comparison of rap lyrics to other genres.	there are plenty of examples given from rappers who are very conscious and clever, but even those hardly ever say anything i feel holds a candle to good lyrics from other genres.	this typically restricts the amount of words one can fit into a verse, and thus limits the possible ways that singer express their idea.
Misuse of sarcasm as a response to criticism.	i realize that the  so edgy  response if often made half jokingly, which is completely fine.	secondly, often people just plain are not looking to continue a discussion.
Polyamory and the selfishness of true love.	the argument was that polyamory, where love is shared, could not be real because true love is selfish.	i have heard those statements too, that does not mean that all monogamous relationships are selfish.
Education system and government's intentions.	the school system needs a lot of revision if people really want the most educated people.	schools in their current form developed when we needed unskilled labor for factories.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	i once heard a professor say,  you will rarely get anything out of a student that you did not ask of them.
Treatment of drug addiction as a public health issue.	i think that drug addiction should be treated as a public health issue rather than a criminal problem.	you ca not prove this, and i would suspect the opposite.
Feminism's Impact on Women's Happiness.	the view i would like to be challenged is this: the changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women.	there is also direct correlation, for instance, between the number of fire fighters responding to a fire and the amount of damage done to life and property.
Wedding expenses and gender roles.	i believe that expensive engagement rings and elaborate wedding ceremonies are a waste of money and only serve to make women feel spoiled and/or special.	does giving a stuffed animal to a sick person at a hospital serve no purpose ? does giving someone a holiday card serve no purpose ? just because the purpose is based on emotions and feelings, does not make it unimportant.
Dangers of smoking marijuana.	not only that but studies have shown that marijuana is just as likely, if not more likely to cause cancer then smoking cigarettes is.	legal medical drugs have all kinds of nasty side effects.
Criticism of TSA and Security Theater in Air Travel	i think the only reason security theater exists is because airlines have lobbied the us government to ensure that fliers feel safe on their airplanes.	when events like / happen, the population at large expects  something to be done.
Balancing punishment for consensual adult actions.	rather than attempting to punish an adult for something that was done consensually.	do not you think your proposal would dramatically increase the number of people who go out of their way to not learn an underage partner is age, knowing that as long as they do not find out it is fair game ?.
Revolt of sports team for social justice.	the idea that a team s would stage some sort of revolt is hopelessly naive.	it may take more provocation, but image is absolutely an issue that fifa should worry about.
Legal implications of denying allegations.	denying the allegations puts you in the awkward position of calling someone a liar.	and now both parties will be quiet, the story dies and it gets all worked out in the courts.
Affordability of professional sports entertainment.	if you want sports entertainment you should go pay professional sports entertainment.	on top of that, that revenue is highly valuable to the university.
Helmet use for cyclists compared to aviation requirements.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	the requirement for driving an oversize load vehicle is higher than the requirement for driving a car, which is higher than the requirement for riding a horse.
Health and Attractiveness for Personal Reasons.	you should be healthy for personal reasons.	in the same way, if you know someone prefers a certain weight, and it is healthy for you to change and something you want to do, i do not think it is wrong to lose or gain that weight to make yourself more attractive for that person.
The limitations of declaring oneself an ally.	in essence, declaring yourself to be an ally outsources your moral reasoning to the group with which you have allied, and i cannot imagine any reason to do that.	i can support them.
The misuse of the word "literally".	the wrong or new definition of literally i am referring to is the opposite;  metaphorically, or figuratively.	that is not the right way to interpret the word.
Individual rights and justice.	i do not see how one of group of humans has the right to restrict another human is movement and intimately control their life.	but prison ? you do not agree with us about what is wrong, we will trap you in the middle of our society and punish you for as long as we feel fit even if you do not want to be part of our society.
Definition of true peace.	i personally think true peace is the time when humans as a whole understand each other.	i want to link the wikipedia definition of peace because i think it suffices for most of your objections to its use  peace is an occurrence of harmony characterized by lack of violence, conflict behaviors and the freedom from fear of violence.
Benefits of colonization.	of course, i am speaking of only the good things about colonization.	but in any case, the genocide and cultural genocide that resulted from colonization along with the decades of resulting instability and warfare far outweighs whatever good the europeans brought it.
Comparison of Iran and Israel's behavior in world affairs.	iran has proven itself to be a pragmatic and rational actor in world affairs.	rational actors can and do still fight each other.
Self-defense and the right to be secure in person.	if you do not want a vicious beating do not go around attacking people unjustly.	it is not for you to fulfill your idea of justice by  finishing what the other person started.
Comparison of intellectual merit between reading and watching.	reading something like  fifty shades of grey  is not intellectually superior to watching something like  hiroshima mon amour.	also, movie buffs are still not as respected as bookworms.
Criticism of Private Prison System and Property Rights Enforcement.	do not even get me started on the private prison system in the us.	who do you think keeps paying for all these prisoners  incarceration ? also this is privatization of an industry.
Reactions to feeling betrayed and violated.	he said he felt betrayed, violated, slutty.	how he react to this extremely weird situation is entirely up to him.
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	his friends are all fucked up in their own ways as well, in matters of crippling unrequited love or crippling insecurity.
Fear of the Unknown in Natural Selection.	since natural selection shows us that the strong survive, at some point the human, or protohuman, brain tells humans that anything different is dangerous.	if we are living in a state of insecurity, that fear can manifest itself in a number of ways including fear of those who look or act significantly different.
Gymnastics requires mastery of precision and form.	though other sports include the use of precision and form as well, gymnastics requires one to master these skills.	there is no powering through it like other high intensity sports.
Living conditions in Africa.	africa was, and still is, a pretty awful place to live in.	who is to say we are better off than hunter gatherers ? google  what would africa be like without slavery/without colonization  and click around.
Challenges in discussing social justice and oppression.	why ca not we have a deeper discussion in society about issues of social justice that does not always end in a competition of whose more oppressed by the mythical white male oppressor rapists.	it can be little things like the looks of judgment you mentioned that you sometimes receive when you park in handicapped spaces.
Intolerance and Tolerance in Europe.	europeans act so fucking surprised when a kid grows up and believes the same thing his parents did back in the old country, as if people magically absorb ideas.	the history of the human race is full of war and violence, europe is no exception.
US economy and foreign policy under Obama.	the economy has rebounded from a catastrophic recession with the djia and nasdaq reaching all time highs.	remember, before , they were also at record highs and they still came crashing down.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	the things you are feeling are neither right nor wrong but rather topics for discussion.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	he certainly knows how to make things look good, even just based on a few trailer shots.
Motivation and Mental Health Challenges.	every day users are more likely on average to lose motivation and become content with short term stimulus compared to achieving long term goals.	you know what solved all of her problems ? good ol  weed.
Police heroism and community service.	i would like to see more videos of police rescuing children from blazing fires, and helping out the impoverished.	and they do that because they are trained to do that.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	when you go out alone you act however you wish.
Perception and Limitations.	the truth is, our perception of our environment is very limited.	if it stops working there are people who can look at it, identify why it stopped working, and fix it.
Comparison of Iran and Israel's behavior in world affairs.	iran has proven itself to be a pragmatic and rational actor in world affairs.	neither of these are true with israel.
The value of life and abortion.	there is a reason life was listed first, if you do not have a right to your life, you ca not have a right to anything else.	the second one is being born of american parents, with a few conditions  jus sanguinis.
Debate on the Purpose of Organic Farming.	organic farming is supposed to be about creating an alternative to the unsustainable industrial agricultural system.	if it were, factory organic farms would have better yields.
Limitations of an all-powerful being.	if you have an answer to that question, that same answer could be translated to the universe.	but that does not prove it is impossible.
Importance of taking a day off on your birthday.	taking a day off on your exact birthday date is not that important.	to you, that may be true, but it is not to everyone else.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Its Implications.	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	so i can see how the responsibility for the other thing does not sit well with some in europe.
The use of grades as a measure of personality factors.	i understand that grades also can be used to measure certain personality factors conscientiousness, ability to follow instruction, adherence to procedural norms which all debatable might be as important as understanding the material.	given that it is designed properly, the grade a child receives on a test should approximately reflect their understanding of the material, and the cumulative score of their tests is what produces the final grade.
Challenges with Rational Thinking in Textual Analysis.	two people saying vastly different things both being considered right hurts my fundamental understand of the way that rational thinking works.	everybody has vastly different life experiences, those experiences create our world view, which in turn inform our opinions and biases.
Gender roles and stereotypes in sexual behavior.	i really want to start thinking that men could also be considered a whore and that a woman can be a player.	once you get over the idea that having lots of consensual sex is neither makes you a good person or a bad person, you see that men and women are neither sluts or players, just people.
The right to basic necessities of life.	right to basic necessities of life right to have anything that one needs to stay alive.	do you see the difference ? my version is a right to basic necessities of life a right to the intersection of all the things that different people might need to live whereas yours is a right to the most extreme or exotic conditions of life a right to the union of all the things that anyone could need to live.
Obama's responsibility to address cyberbullying in schools.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	why would obama defend an adult is right to have a glass of beer and not a sixth grader is right to have a glass of beer ? because an adult and and sixth grader are  not held to the same standards.
Definition of terrorism.	but as the years go by the word is being more and more loosely defined.	perfect for growing the military industrial complex adding to the increase of mass surveillance, police militarization, drone strikes, and innocents being accused, imprisoned or killed.
Acknowledging the Existence of Horrible Black People.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	do you think thats because they are black ? maybe it is, but it is not their decision.
Employer's right to terminate employees for undesirable behavior.	if an employer hires meth head, for instance, and he/she is exhibiting undesirable characteristics tardiness, stealing, etc.	what i do with my personal time, how i choose to relax, etc.
Capitalism and its benefits.	i also see capitalism as an efficient machine that has helped increase standards of livings, brought new technologies, etc.	i would also point out that there was never some even playing field upon which to build; the initial capital was prior wealth that, if you traced it back in time far enough, was acquired through to the exploitation or coercion of less powerful people.
Negative stereotypes of welfare recipients.	the program also contributes to the view of welfare recipients as lazy druggies and moochers.	you ca not prove this, and i would suspect the opposite.
Bias in hiring based on physical appearance.	subconsciously, people tend to assume attractive people are more trust worthy than unattractive people.	if an attractive lawyer tries to go to court unshaven, smelly and wearing a sweat pants i do not think the fact he is attractive will prevent the judge from throwing him out.
Unkindness and Insulting Behavior	similarly, if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	for example if you are in a group and are referring to a transgendered person in conversation as he or she when this person specifically asked you to say  them  or  zee  and it was an honest mistake, you might still get a long winded lecture from someone else.
Limitations of animal and human decision-making abilities.	i do not see any place for the idea that any animal, including humans, is truly capable of making choices.	sure, our decisions are the result of physical processes, but why does that make them less meaningful? when i make a choice, i perceive the thought process that leads to it, and i recognise it as my own. a choice is made, and then i am capable to make it.
Blurring of sci-fi/fantasy events with alternative lifestyle events.	sci fi/fantasy events are no longer particularly visually different from alternative lifestyle events, despite theoretically having little to do with that.	i have been to a number of bdsm conferences i am assuming that is what you mean by  alternative lifestyle events,  and i have seen zero sexual harassment at any of them.
The aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	i do not really have much of an argument for those who get tattooed without a meaning, since i do not like people like that.
Government assistance programs and homelessness.	the programs covered would be where an individual applies for benefits including food stamps, housing, medicaid, social security and so on.	no means of finding a job, no safety net for when you ca not find one.
The importance of appearance in first impressions.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	and guess what ? if you want to wait until marriage, to take an extremum of that spectrum, there are people  online  who want that too.
Advantages of using a trailer for moving.	if you actually want to move a lot of stuff a trailer is a lot more practical.	they are normal cars, as far as i am concerned.
Transgender identity and body dysphoria.	mtf or ftm trans i think are misguided, yes.	once i can start presenting as female and have the correct estrogen levels, i will still have all of my same interests, and i would like to be treated the same socially, but i will hopefully have a body that i am comfortable with.
Gender stereotypes and financial priorities.	really, the money most people spend on these things could be put to much better use, like a down payment on a car.	making sweeping generalizations based only on gender would be considered to some sexist.
Freeloaders in Socialism.	socialism allow a certain number of people to be freeloaders.	presume that lazy, selfish people who do not contribute anything at all to society are not people deserving of handouts i am not sure this view can be changed because every free system allows for freeloaders, the only exception would be those that mimic prison systems.
Debate on the Harmlessness of Santa Claus	santa is harmless and all those claiming that the idea that he is harmful are being oversensitive.	q: is santa real ? a: no, of course not.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	i will never be ready to lose my loved ones.
Capital punishment and morality.	murder and inequality are naturally occurring phenomenons.	there are plenty of people who agree with the concept of  an eye for an eye , and there are plenty of people who disagree with the concept.
Comparison of female rappers with Nicki Minaj.	nikki dissed her funny thing is, nikki may write her own rhymes, but she is pretty not good compared to good female rappers like missy elliot but that was done in a very appropriate manner.	also nicki did not come out and say anything to iggy, she just said that she writes her own rhymes, and tweeted something that was ambiguous.
Atheism and Belief in God.	an atheist/agnostic believes there is not a god.	a philosopher i want to say it was john locke, but i am probably wrong once famously proved that it is impossible to disprove the existence of god as we know him, and the only way to prove his existence would be for him to step down and say hello.
The subjectivity of opinions in news media.	opinions are seen as facts that are carelessly spewed from various news propaganda organizations.	really ? then why do people pay thousands of dollars and decades to get degrees in their field ? why do we have doctors with mds perform surgery rather than the local butcher ? why do we have experts testifying in court, conducting policy, or writing blogs for nytimes, and not randoms off the street ? if anything, experts are more valued than ever before because in this deluge of information, people rely on somebody to tell them where to look for truth.
Smoking and Consideration.	i ca not really think of any situation in which smoking is not inconsiderate.	the amazonian rainforest is also not unpopulated enough, and on top of that you could start a forest fire and that would be inconsiderate too.
Men's rights in abortion and financial obligations.	therefore, i believe that men should either have abortion rights, or the right to waive all financial obligations to his child while abortion is still an option.	why men do not take majority or sole custody is a complex subject of its own.
The Value of Time and Effort Over Monetary Gifts.	i also add that i personally value the gift of time and effort above most monetary gifts because that is something that everyone values about the same.	what if what they wanted is to have more money or own more businesses instead of a fancier computer ? let is say donating $ million changes nothing to the donator is life.
Benefits and drawbacks of taking time to make decisions.	when making a decision, taking long amounts of time to analyse and consider one is options is more beneficial than making a decision that is regretful.	waiting a whole semester to try again for xxa is not the smart decision here.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	when something happens you need people to be there responding right away, there are plenty of instances where waiting around for the  willethal force  would be too late.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	trusting the other with this much power over each other is what i call a truly intimate connection.
The insignificance of one's actions over time.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	today, we feel the effects of every action that every organism has made that had a decision to make.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	the only thing in your statement that is true is that they ca not be denied services based on those attributes.
Interpretation of Jesus' view on the Law of God.	since we are already aware jesus does not think the law of god is mosaic law the only other alternative is that the law mentioned he is referring to is the law of god.	which is it ? what about parts of the  old law  that as per the bible, god directly weighs in on like killing someone for picking up sticks on the wrong day of the week ? are they  still  not part of  god is law  ? by what means can we determine if your interpretation of all of these things is the correct one, as opposed to another interpretation with the same quality of reasoning and evidence, but which is contradictory ? this is the same jesus that instructs people to keep to at least some of the ten commandments explicitly, right ? is there at least some overlap between the  law of god  and mosaic law in your view ? or what ? this is the same paul who said eating bacon was fine, when jesus said otherwise, right ? how do you know paul is correct here, even assuming the text is an accurate representation of events ? this is also the same paul that, according to the text, demonstrates some seriously contradictory behavior and statements regarding the old law and circumcision with respect to christians, right ? well, it almost certainly was not moses, because based on historical evidence it is insanely unlikely that he existed as the bible describes, or that he wrote the pentateuch as tradition would suggest.
Teaching children important values and behaviors.	people always talk about how pure children are.	what are the things you constantly have to hammer into children ? share.
Investment in Boarding Schools in USA.	investing on such boarding schools is not a big deal for countries like usa.	somebody always has to pay, and mostly it is the taxpayer.
Keeping last name in marriage.	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	i disagree, i am a guy and i like my last name.
Importance of Privacy in Society.	i need a logical argument not based on dangerous potential endgames, or a justification for privacy in itself beyond just that  privacy is good .	it is not about secrets or hidden crimes.
Racism and Cultural Appropriation.	c more and more people are acting blacker.	you also need to meet different people and have a more diverse social pool is every  white guys and chicks  you know are   all listening to hip hop,slurring their words, putting on a blacker accent and using more black words like  ratchet  or  twerk.
The role of luck in competitive gaming.	there is always going to be the possibility of an otherwise champion player making a stupid, fatal fuckup, or a glitch in the game causing an otherwise unwarranted victory.	the addition of luck is part of the fun and part of the challenge.
The uniqueness of the first eukaryote in evolutionary history.	you have people embracing the intelligent mind, people that work for charities, try to cure diseases, help save others and being selfless.	have you ever considered that the  intelligent mind  and the  evolutionary mind  might be one and the same ? charity in practice might be mostly signaling that is why people often choose to fund inefficient charities instead of giving their money to, say, givewell.
***Possible topic: Possible changes to overtime rules in sports.	how about removing players from each side as more and more overtime is played or allow more substitutes during ot ?	why not ? given enough extra times yes there will be a winner but the game will turn in to defence from both teams as its much easier to defend than attack with a tired team and try and catch the other team on the counter attack but if both teams know this both teams will mostly sit back and defend leading to boring stale mates.
Theological beliefs regarding the nature of man and God.	but what changes by adding god to the picture ?	so, in older times, if guilty of such, you would get excommunicated, and your soul would be tossed aside, and you would be then equivalent to non holy life.
The nature of happiness and fulfillment.	all the ways in which one can be happy, fulfilled, or satisfied are merely the satisfaction of constant cravings we are used to.	is it a craving if one has resisted it their whole life up until a point and never consciously desired the experience ? are utility and happiness the same ? why ?.
Musical talent comparison between Page and Peart.	no one picks up a guitar and shreds solos like page.	no one sits down at some drums and plays like peart.
Reactions to feeling betrayed and violated.	he said he felt betrayed, violated, slutty.	he seems to be in a bad state of mind and that the important thing to consider.
The Dark Side of Black Culture and Racism.	c more and more people are acting blacker.	but the black culture has many dark parts to it, racism i have never met a black person who has not experienced racism and tokenism.
Criticism of environmental hypocrisy regarding private jet usage.	there is no hypocrisy, because no one is advocating the ban of private jets.	if he  really  wants to help the environment, then he should start by doing things that people should emulate.
Theological beliefs regarding the nature of man and God.	but what changes by adding god to the picture ?	god reveals moral truths to us to convince us to follow him.
Nationalities and their corresponding names in English.	polish people are poles, scottish people are scots, british people are brits, arabic people are arabs, turkish people are turks, jewish people are jews, czechoslovakian people are czechs, slavic people are slavs swedish people are swedes, mongolian people are mongols.	it is just social construction, like all languages.
Benefits of paying off small debts.	paying off a small debt instantly  adds  to your emergency fund.	again, if you are paying off the debt properly, your monthly expenses are the same, because you are putting the same amount towards debt each month.
Cost of Professional Sports Entertainment Tickets	if you want sports entertainment you should go pay professional sports entertainment.	an nfl ticket costs several hundred dollars per person, an nba ticket costs anywhere from $ .
Racism and Slurs.	i am not saying asians have a conscious plan to manufacture new slurs.	agree, but it is not the minorities doing this.
Moral superiority in international relations.	i often hear people say stuff like  we should not stoop to their level , or  we are better than that , or  let is be the bigger man here , when one nation is unjustly hostile to another, or does not behave unfairly.	the former is difficult to achieve.
Misunderstanding about mental health conditions.	when anything about suicide or disappearing from the world comes up, everyone looses their mind.	we should frown upon decisions that are  permanent , and made in a state that can cloud reason.
Limitations of Concluding Life on Unsampled Galaxies.	or if we had an example from the nearest star with planets, we could conclude that probably every star with planets evolves life.	we also know that those other planets are very old.
Perceptions of the US military during the Iraq War.	i felt like during the iraq war, if you signed up for the us armed forces, you did so knowing there is a chance you could be shipped overseas and eventually fight and kill some innocent civilian.	in that light, is it really fair to say they signed up to kill civilians as opposed to, say, repair computers, drive trucks, cook food, etc ? because of this, it just made me lose respect for a person if they took such a job.
Manipulation and Control Tactics of Crime Lords.	actions like that engender dissent and create a culture of fear and paranoia among your henchmen.	is not fear and paranoia the main method by which these crime lords rule ? one effective way to control people is by tearing down their sense of independence and making them feel worthless.
Encouraging self-improvement and authenticity in learning.	there are no difficult subjects to learn.	i myself found trigonometry difficult.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	all this simply by labeling them average due to a likely short term circumstance.
Intellectual Property Rights and Cultural Differences.	however, patents and copyright are not  property  in the sense that cars are.	you could say the same thing about any property law.
Opposition to same-sex displays at weddings.	i would be extremely uncomfortable seeing men/women dancing/kissing people of the same sex at the wedding.	the easiest thing to do, honestly, is simply not to pay attention to them since i very much doubt you pay large attention to the dancing or kisses of straight couples around you at weddings.
Religion's role in governing and the "dark ages".	therefore, the muslim world will never see the abandonment of religion in everyday governing life as a useful long term solution.	the country has actually taken ardent strides into separating itself from its religious heritage to be come a majority muslim yet secular state.
Role of government in a democracy.	no one should force choices for others.	it is within reason, and reflected by reality, that some rights that were once held tantamount are not so important anymore.
The effectiveness of education research and scientific method in education.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	it is not  humanity is knowledge base  if you have already established that only a tiny fraction of that knowledge that which has been gained through the scientific method is actually knowledge.
Definition of true peace.	i personally think true peace is the time when humans as a whole understand each other.	i think you are running the risk of falling into a no true scotsman territory with this  true  peace argument.
Knowledge of World War II in America.	as a european american i am consistently astounded by how little americans know about the war.	after all, it was the third deadliest american conflict yet most people only know the name and that is only because it is implied by wwii.
Evolution of moral behavior in human civilization.	there is no worry of not meeting a cosmic standard; the standards are within yourself.	since humans are, like other social mammals, hierarchical, society works best with someone/thing in charge.
Driving regulations and traffic flow.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	passing cars stuck in slow traffic or from a light several blocks ahead is very very common, to the point that i am as fast or faster than a car most of the time.
Homophobia and peace.	you speak of peace yet not everyone has come to think well of homosexuals.	not thinking well of homosexuals does not remove the possibility of peace.
Acknowledging the Existence of Horrible Black People.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	wtf ? thats the same logic people who hate men use.
Justice system and punishment methods.	imagine if someone came into your life, took away someone you held near and dear, causing suffering to you and everyone who knew them.	we work within a system that demands proportionality and is constrained by a limitation on cruel and unusual punishment.
Is not having children a good decision?	not having child is objectively a great decision, economically, time wise, etc.	objectively, the person in need of help is no less needy if they are your biological offspring than not.
Road safety laws and permit restrictions for cars and bikers.	with these laws i think the roads would become a much safer place for cars and bikers, and many laws will be cleared up for bikers who do not understand the law.	having to take a test at a dmv should not be the means to obtain proper skills and knowledge in operating a bicycle.
Misuse of the term "terrorist" and its consequences.	terrorist implies a simple good vs evil narrative which never applies in the real world.	oh, he used the word terrorist, he is clearly an uneducated scumbag disseminating propaganda and/or agitprop.
Belief in God and personal stance on religion.	i mean god as a supreme being/entity who is all knowing, all powerful, and created the universe.	we would first have to prove or disprove god to start to tackle the meta god questions.
The value of life and its impact on loved ones.	i might as well have never lived.	but as nonreligious people in this case i just include you and me, but i suppose others can feel this way as well , we have to settle for what we have, or perhaps for what we can have.
Debating the ethics of publishing the name of an accused person.	i do not, however, support publishing the name or likeness of an accused person.	and how do you deal with people wanted for arrest ?  this guy is suspected of stealing millions of dollars from vulnerable little old ladies, but we ca not tell you his name or show you his face.
Advantages of using a trailer for moving.	if you actually want to move a lot of stuff a trailer is a lot more practical.	not many vans are suitable for driving on rough terrain, pulling large loads, and so on.
Speeding on the highway and its consequences.	just about everyone ignores the speed limit, and there really have not been any big problems caused by this.	are you really in that much of a hurry that driving  mph on the highway is  impractical  and a waste of time ? you would be wasting even more time if your reckless speeding caused you to get in an accident.
Crime and Economic Collapse in Detroit.	how come we ca not admit that horrible black people exist ?	so  even if  we can blame black people for the rise in crime, we ca not really blame it for the overall decline of detroit or other cities.
Disagreement on the term "rent seeking" and its meaning.	what economists politely call rent seeking, the rest of us call parasitism.	when financial wizards who contribute nothing of value for the nation are able to capture increasingly more of the nation is productivity for themselves at the expense of everyone else, that is parasitism.
Morality of the Second World War	the second world war can be seen as a black and white moral struggle against monstrously oppressive forces.	this is how you paint the second world war.
Tattoo display preferences.	and a lot of times, people proudly display their tattoos.	i am never like  hey check out my tattoo !   unless someone shows me theirs first and it is part of the discussion.
Starting something based on calendar system vs. seasons.	there is no rhyme or reason to wait until the arbitrary beginning of a calendar system to start something.	or the mammals and birds who birth in the spring.
The concept of amorality in society.	i think that what we call  amoral  is a huge misnomer;  amoral  is just a social contract we agree upon for the sake of ourselves and our society, rather than intrinsic right and wrong.	it is punishable by death in many places, because taking another person is life is believed to be wrong and immoral.
Racial insensitivity towards black people.	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	like i said, usage of that word conveys an understanding of shared experiences that you simply do not have.
English Premier League history and format.	take the english premier league, the regular season is everything since the team with the best record is ultimately the winner.	in a playoff format, the best you can do is clinch a spot in the playoffs early, you still have not  won  anything just ask the new england patriots.
The Emotional Connection of Video Games.	a game can make people cry or at least get emotional as the story progresses.	i am tempted to post the entire english language literary canon in response to this.
Hero worship of police and their growing aggression.	however, for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	remember all the hero worship our society did of cops and soldiers and firemen ? during that time police on average grew better armed and more aggressive.
The chemical changes in the brain when becoming a parent.	when you become a parent, your brain chemistry changes and you biochemically become a completely different person.	this is not typical, usually parents just drag the kids around to do whatever they were going to do if they never had kids.
Car Hacking	also, cars can be hacked just like iphones jailbreak and other electronic devices.	resetting that flag could only be done by a technician.
Fear of Death.	after years of reflection i came to the conclusion that everyone who fears death is either ignorant or weak, because there is nothing to gain by this.	i therefore do not think it is ignorant or weak to fear death and it can be something that drives you in a positive way.
Individual rights and ownership.	property is a right because we own our selves and consequently our mind and labor.	you cannot just assert these things.
The right to basic necessities of life.	right to basic necessities of life right to have anything that one needs to stay alive.	the extreme right to live  is not even compatible with itself,  since we live in a world of finite resources and all resources cannot be simultaneously used to extend every persons life.
Abortion and Risky Pregnancies.	rape   risky pregnancies make up only a fraction of total abortions.	you seem to accepting that  risky pregnancies  are an acceptable situation where an abortion can be performed, however you are only considering physical risks and not emotional or mental.
Misinterpretation of an argument about feeling violated.	the argument is basically  i feel violated, rape victims feel violated, rape is a sex crime, therefore, i am the victim of a sex crime.	its hard to say that someone distributing nude pictures of you without your consent in order to make a buck is not sexual exploitation or a violation.
Compensation for prisoner labor.	people, even prisoners should not be exploited for free labor.	part of the reason it is beneficial is because it teaches the prisoner valuable skills, even if those skills are shoddily learned or taught.
Human rights as social constructs and their limitations.	i believe all rights given to any human are social constructs, produced by society from moral structures determined by a multitude of factors.	it is natural to see that harm is bad and there are very few societies where these basic rights are not valued.
Budget allocation for NASA and social benefits.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	going into space amazes people and gets them interested in science and technology.
Realization of someone's true nature.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	putting one down and the other one a pedestal is childish.
Religion and its Impact on Progress and Values.	all over the world, religion is being used as an excuse to carry out evil acts.	where is the science rebuking of  do not be an asshole  ? a bulk of our greatest philosophers, thinkers, scientists, leaders, etc.
Inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar and alternative options.	The current inconsistencies in the Gregorian calendar have no good reason.	you ca not have all the seasons start on the first of the month  and  have  day months for  months in a row.
Pacifism as an Approach to Dealing with Terrorism.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	but trouble always broke out again.
Accusations of Racism and Failure to Accept Self-Identity	i am accused of just being secretly racist, which i do not know how to disprove.	but you do have to have a damn good reason if you are going to refuse to call someone by the category they see themselves as.
Balancing punishment for consensual adult actions.	rather than attempting to punish an adult for something that was done consensually.	how exactly do you prove what a defendant knows inside his head ? keep in mind that often the victim is unwilling to testify.
The purpose and value of a diploma.	the purpose of a diploma is to prove you are able to function in a civilized society.	people without diplomas still have the same rights as everyone else, they simply have not had the same academic achievements which means that they may not necessarily have the same opportunities down the line.
Inequality and Social Mobility.	i do not believe that people should benefit simply by being born into a beneficial situation.	so i am not sure how you can hold this view.
Negative effects of online dating on self-perception and societal values.	finally, online dating has profoundly negative effects on people who are not desirable. i for one can say that online dating has altered to way i view my own race.	generally, undesirable people will wind up with each other, and online dating can make that easier too.
Choosing to Keep or Change Last Name After Marriage	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	there is many other indicators of a marriage a wedding ring, government documentation, official witnesses, to name a few your name does not have to be on this list of identifying features.
Revolt of sports team for social justice.	the idea that a team s would stage some sort of revolt is hopelessly naive.	you think they are all going to do it ? you think a bunch of guys raised in poverty in a third world nation are going to turn away enormous paychecks to make a bunch of rich white kids feel better about themselves ? while people pay to attend games, much more revenue comes from television and corporate sponsorship.
Disgust sensitivity and violence.	i think liberals feel more disgust over violence and blood for example.	you see someone accidentally stick a fishing hook through his finger.
Race relations and individual rights.	the country will become divided up into those that tolerate other races and those that do not.	this is insane, to say the least.
Airline seat reclining policy.	i feel that i paid for a seat that reclines, and i also paid to sit in a seat where the one in front of me reclines as well.	if the reclining feature of your seat is broken you are not entitled to recompense.
Abortion and Carelessness.	but lets be honest, there are not even close to a majority of rape and birth defect screeners getting abortions.	in my own case, i knew i did not want children for a variety of reasons, and so i protected myself with the pill.
Controversy over Ten Commandment monuments on public land.	allowing ten commandment monuments on public land forces christian beliefs on all non christians.	that is like saying that freedom of speech is freedom from speech; that only by forcing others to be silent are you truly free.
Defining American White Culture and Stereotypical Black Culture.	i would define american white culture as separate from  black  culture as the stereotypical black  thug life  culture.	america is so diverse that we do not have a unified culture.
Defining American White Culture and Stereotypical Black Culture.	i would define american white culture as separate from  black  culture as the stereotypical black  thug life  culture.	you have just listed something that unified black people in the past, and something that helped form american  black culture.
Gender roles in parenting and the workforce.	women who has to stay at home to raise kids are subjugated by the working husband because she has no income of her own and she has no skills valuable to the marketplace after being at home so long.	furthermore, i do not see the tradition of women raising children as inherently bad or unequal.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	this statement is incorrect, because it is reductive.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	at this level, think of god more as a programmer.
The ethics of piracy and its impact on producers.	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	this could indicate a problem with pricing or distribution.
Amorality of Company Actions.	any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	when you are born you have nothing and produce nothing.
Pantaleo's criminal charges for Eric Garner's death.	pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder.	nypd policy notwithstanding, an arrest is a situation where violent force to subdue a person is lawfully permitted, and a chokehold for about  or  seconds is very rarely fatal.
Homelessness and American Politics.	just like in the us, warmer places have more homelessness, colder places do not.	although there is quite some disgust for american politics though.
Political spectrum and movements.	a fascist with a libertarian, both are apparently right wing.	you ca not say that stalin is  to the left and elizabeth warren is  to the left.
Comparison between laptop and tablet.	using a laptop is just a less ergonomic experience.	same with sitting in bed with a laptop.
Discussion on the concept of privacy.	but i just ca not see how being a bystander to the real crime being committed is a violation of privacy as well.	i am sure plenty of people do care, and that is one of the many reasons i discourage people from participating on many of these  free  sites.
The social effects of identifying as a gamer.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	but the same could also be said for the outdoor player who cannot spend time alone and collect themselves.
Password security and malware infection.	ideally, passwords should not be reused, and a formula should be used to generate unique passwords for each account you have.	any formula you use can be derived from a few of your passwords.
The benefits and ethics of donating large sums of money.	giving above a certain amount can serve as cheap advertising for those donating and serves to increase their reputation with the public.	and you are talking about charity but ignoring the economics of this.
The importance of emotional connection in sexual relationships.	having sex just based on urges is uncivilized and is unhealthy for society as a whole.	no more dangerous or unhealthy than whole slew of other, readily accepted behaviors.
Child safety and leashes in public places.	if little timmy wants to go run to the bey blade section at the store, chase after him but let him.	it is not like physically running someplace is the only way for a child to express itself.
Homework and its Purpose in Education.	now i am used to having homework but sometimes i have extensive amounts of homework.	some people work seven days a week.
Police and injustice in American society.	therefore, a cop who operates in an unjust framework is automatically waging war against you.	again, any injustice is apparently enough to call it a war.
Starting something based on calendar system vs. seasons.	there is no rhyme or reason to wait until the arbitrary beginning of a calendar system to start something.	the choice to base your new year resolutions on the calendar is not arbitrary.
Misrepresentation of Feminism on Social Media	the behavior of some supposed feminists, however, often in online formats such as twitter, is antithetical to feminisms goals, is awful pr, and is simply not okay.	that is the very definition of prejudice.
Minimum wage and tipping in service businesses.	i believe that enforcing a minimum wage for these type of service businesses would alleviate the issues we have with tipping.	first, enforcing the minimum wage for servers would be difficult.
Unkindness and Insulting Behavior	similarly, if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	but most of the time the issue of political correctness comes up is when there are questions as to what  within reason  means in that context.
Government spending priorities.	i think govt should spend money on their own citizens and improve their quality of life than wars and supporting other countries.	it is all very well to advocate government spend money on nice things such as schooling or healthcare while bemoaning them spending money on nasty things like wars, but the conflation of the two is often clumsy.
Heelies vs Bicycles on Roads	i want to ride my heelies here so i am entitled.	whether that is because they are ignorant or whether they are refusing to follow the rules is more about each individual cyclist.
Capitalism and its benefits.	i also see capitalism as an efficient machine that has helped increase standards of livings, brought new technologies, etc.	this does not make it any less inherently exploitative.
Voluntaryism and Tax Exempt Status of Religious Organizations.	the only exception i have thought of is the tax exempt status of religious organizations.	why should anyone be forced to pay taxes ?.
Differences in coping mechanisms in a relationship.	for example, say i am in a relationship and i value alone time when i get stressed.	so if you always  treat people the way you want to be treated,  that means that when your spouse is stressed you provide your spouse support because that is what you would want if you were stressed.
School technology and student ownership.	although the school would likely provide most or all technology, social pressure may cause students to want to buy high end technology.	by allowing kids to bring in their own devices, and reducing the number devices the school has to purchase, it allows the school to actually purchase better quality devices.
Communion beliefs in Catholicism.	you catholics think that you are literally eating jesus christ when you have communion ?	that is a little weird, but go right ahead.
China's Rise to Global Superpower and Democracy Progression	meanwhile china, a country which is known for oppression, censorship, lack of freedom, democracy, etc, is on the rise to become the next global superpower in terms of economics and possibly influence.	china is already  officially  a democratic nation.
Online dating and its comparison to online shopping.	we shop for potential mates through online dating exactly the same way we shop for clothes or electronics through amazon. com and i think that is a problem.	when is the last time you had a conversation with a shirt your considering buying in order to assess the quality of it is character ? i think you have a skewed perspective on how people use this dating resources.
Improvement in quality of life, technology, and crime rate.	the quality of life is increasing, technology is improving, and crime is falling.	our material wealth is not expected to last.
Gun Training and Safety.	training should focus on both the legal framework regarding gun usage and proper shooting technique and gun maintenance.	remember that by far the most common type of gun related death is a suicide.
Availability of PDF editing apps on tablets.	ipad and android tablets and i assume whatever the heck microsoft is is have very solid apps for editing pdfs.	this makes it easy to bring in quotes and other sources when you create presentations or papers.
Political stance on healthcare access restrictions.	conservatives wish to restrict my fellow americans  ability to access healthcare.	am i restricting your right to buy a yacht ? the argument is over funding, not restriction.
Criticism of religion's role in causing problems in the world.	when i say that religion in general and islamic in specific causes a lot of problems in today is world, i am seen as a bigot and an islamophobe.	even declaring yourself a nazi and donning a swastika does not make you a genocidal maniac, or a gas chamber operator.
Discussion on the concept of human nature.	people always talk about how pure children are.	we are prideful, selfish beings, just like animals.
Consequentialism and Universal Maxims.	by considering whether something ought to be a universal maxim, we are already considering the consequences of that thing being a universal law.	the kinds of  consequence  consequentialism concerns itself with are things which themselves are valued.
Social etiquette and behavior.	if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	you are correct that the anti pc are also hypocrites.
Lack of Empathy in Young Children.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	even if an adult takes him aside and tells him that his actions caused susie to cry, it is not like he really empathizes with her and feels remorse.
The effectiveness of education research and scientific method in education.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	the scientific method is the best and only reliable path to increase humanity is store of knowledge.
Wealth and happiness	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	also, you assume that you will be very satisfied when you have lots of money.
Bandwidth needs in the commercial marketplace.	now, i know there are some people with big bandwidth requirements those doing some major file sharing, or maybe needing a big pipe for a vpn to work.	like someone else mentioned, it is not so much faster but  wider  as in you can do more at the same time without bogging it down.
Power dynamics in economic transactions.	the buyer consumer has all the power, because he is the one who comes into the transaction with money.	it is easy to find transactions that illustrate both positions.
Unhealthy lifestyle habits and misconceptions about food intake.	i would eat massive amounts of junk food, never get exercise, and basically use my computer all day during my free time.	i would surmise that what you perceived to me  massive amounts  were actually within your body is needs.
Misuse of sarcasm as a response to criticism.	i realize that the  so edgy  response if often made half jokingly, which is completely fine.	but just because someone does not want to play the game it does not mean you have beaten them.
Media portrayal of criminals vs average citizens during difficult times.	but why are the cases that are most blasted over the media only focused on thugs ?	if you looked at those who did get into trouble, you would probably find plenty of things wrong with them: people who lack the sense to stay out of the eye of the secret police tend to have other issues in life that mark them as troublemakers.
Collaborative nature of scientific progress and a counterargument.	scientific advancement is a group effort from the society.	i believe that almost all if not all branches of what we usually consider science have reached the point where more people does not help anymore.
Controversy surrounding Tupac's legacy and rape case.	tupac garners as much respect as he does is symptomatic of massive immaturity in certain parts of the hip hop community.	regarding the rape case, many feel it was wrongful conviction.
Criticism of Environmental Hypocrisy in Private Jet Use	i have never heard these guys advocate the ban of private jets.	it is hard to take someone seriously when they are a hypocrite.
False accusation of rape.	if someone accuses a person of something as serious as rape, that person is life is now turned upside.	bill cosby was accused of rape in  URL one of his victims claims she went to the police and accused him of raping her when it happened so  to  years ago and they laughed her out of the office.
Quality of life versus quantity of life.	but i would personally choose a happier, shorter life over a less happy, longer life.	large technologically advanced countries would be able to pull resources and come up with solution e.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	you will remember that religious organizations account for some of the largest and most beneficial charities the world over, and while you can argue that people participating in those are only doing so to have a favor with the almighty, you ca not argue that the results are a bad thing.
Compensation for police officers.	due to their scarcity, cops will eventually lead to higher compensations to incentivize the fields.	the entire purpose of police since their invention is to protect the few who have from the many who have not.
Same-sex marriage and government involvement in marriage.	so not to get hung up on technicalities, but people cite the equal protection clause of the constitution as a basis for the claim of discrimination inherent in same sex marriage bans.	but, semantically if that is the right word to use marriage, defined as a legal union between a man and a woman for the purpose of shared property and/or procreation, is available to people with alternate sexual preferences, just they do not want to partake in it.
Criticism of Obama's handling of racial tensions.	i think people are very quick to judge someone is actions, obama is recent criticisms along with the martin, brown, and garner, as specific intentions of race baiting.	he also has not condemned the rioting that was largely orchestrated by sharpton and his fellow left wingers in the media.
Realism of Bruce Wayne as a character.	and gives off the impression that bruce wayne is a real person and not just a persona.	bruce wayne purposefully made the batman persona to be intimidating and make criminals feel fear.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	anyway, so while there are things society definitely does to make rape victims feel worse, you have totally misunderstood what those things are.
Impact of British colonization on India and global connectivity.	in countries like india, the very form of government, transportation system, schooling system, and many other indirect influence have their roots in british colonization.	in fact, there were regions of the americas that had long traditions of urban civilization and were more densely populated than most areas of europe and asia.
Freedom of speech and regulations.	i should be able to say what i want.	it is a two way street, not some one way road where some hand is spoon feeding you information you digest by default.
Parent-child sexual abuse.	another argument that has not changed my view is parent child relationships.	situations in which parents can force a child into sex is not a question of incest, it is one of pedophilia, child molestation, rape, extortion, etc.
The ethics of a sociopath in politics.	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	the first problem is that a sociopath might have insane ideas about what is  good  for the nation.
Avoiding political labels and the left/right spectrum.	instead of saying  yeah i lean left  or  yeah i am right wing  see yourself outside the spectrum and refer to yourself what you are actually are to avoid confusion.	republicans and those who vote more often with them are on the right side of the chamber and the democrats and those who vote with them are on the left side of the chamber.
Opting out of Social Security and its consequences.	i firmly believe that there should be a law allowing anyone who wishes to opt out of social security to do so.	rich people would opt out because they can save enough on their own and are not at risk of being impoverished.
Discounted prices on Steam games.	with steam and game bundles, games are often discounted to a fraction of their ordinary price.	if i want to buy a new release, that is my prerogative.
Existence of life on other planets.	also the planets do not have any evidence of life except for mars having signs of water.	he said that even airline pilots ca not acknowledge their existence without losing their job.
Gender and Sexuality.	well, my husband takes pride in his appearance and is pretty metrosexual but no one would consider him queer.	i would like to respond to your post from the perspective of a cisgender gay man.
Defense strategies against wizards and Voldemort's vulnerability to bombs.	voldemort would be completely unprepared to deal with, say, a series of bombs being dropped onto his lair as he meets with his top  death eaters.	you could do a lot of damage.
Dangers of treating information as property and patent trolls.	treating information as property creates dangerous entities like patent trolls, which do not create anything but merely buy and sell information for profit.	whether you are talking about the sale of widgets or cattle or land or movies, it is the same principle, you are selling a government granted, government enforced  bundle of rights  to some tangible or intangible asset in exchange for some other government granted, government enforced asset.
Negative effects of vomiting on health.	i did not gain nor lose any weight doing this.	to name a few:   irritation and increased cancer risk for your esophagus   teeth damage due to the acidicy of your vomit   stomach damage due to increased acid production some probably health risks:   intestine damage due to increased acidicy of stomach contents   damage to your pancreas due to heightened activity   diabetes   i think binging and purging is the most effective because it allows me to maintain my weight and eat whatever i want.
Challenges of true democracy in modern society.	true democracy has not been around since athens the last time all the people in a society was feasibly able to get together in a forum to vote.	apparently participation rates varied from  .
Beloved aspects and evolution of Peanuts comic strip.	most of the most beloved parts of  peanuts  are actually from the animated tv specials such as the  wa wa  sound of the teacher, the distinctive peanuts theme song, and the dancing scenes with the characters.	according to wikipedia,  at its peak, peanuts ran in over , newspapers, with a readership of  million in  countries, and was translated into  languages.
Grading in Maths and Science	maths and science answers can often be ruined by a single step in an equation, so should be graded on the work not the final answer.	i will finish off with the inevitable paraphrasing of daniel tosh grades are the part where we find out what you know.
Behavior and Genetics	maybe his genes influenced him, but that does not mean he is incapable of choosing his own actions.	so people are out there risking getting their ass kicked or murdered for attention ? young kids hate themselves and hide in the closet from their parents and friends for years cause it is fun ? this is so far from how genetics and evolution work.
Advocating for higher speed limits on roads.	the roads can be safely navigated at higher speeds.	they are lower than the speed at which you can drive safely, and they do not take into account how everyone else drives.
Bias in hiring based on physical appearance.	subconsciously, people tend to assume attractive people are more trust worthy than unattractive people.	if an attractive guys walks into a nice store wearing a paint stained hoody and muddy old boots i think people would be a lot more suspicious than an ugly old guy in an expensive suit.
Justification for a preemptive strike.	the attacker could just be waiting to recoup and attack again, especially as vengeance for being bested.	fear of a future possible attack does not justify a preemptive strike.
Societal impact of a person's death.	but really, what does society lose from the death of that person ?	sure, someone who stole something is dead, but the circumstances of their death is the problem and indicative of real issues in society.
The flaws of the electoral college system and local elections.	i think the electoral college system sucks balls.	we are also deciding whether to borrow to build a recreation center and raise sales tax by two cents over the next twenty years.
Harmful effects of introducing children to substances.	one reason is that you are introducing your child to a potentially harmful substance, linked to both liver and brain damage, at a time when their body and brain are still developing and are especially susceptible to damage.	as long as it is taken in moderation, the health effects are minimal.
Selection of elites and lack of historical understanding.	these elites are not selected by the people, but are established based on certain merits.	your main problem here is that you have zero understanding of history.
Gymnastics requires mastery of precision and form.	though other sports include the use of precision and form as well, gymnastics requires one to master these skills.	so what, if we selectively choose the most impresive facts from every other sport gymnastics looks like a cake walk.
Idealizing people and breaking down stereotypes.	back then i believed there was a distinction between party rats and nice girls, and she seemed to embody essentially everything about the  nice girl .	some people like to party and some do not.
Feminism and Equality Advocacy.	i feel like we can all advocate for equality without having to blame a certain group or overgeneralize a whole gender.	therefore,  no, it is entirely unacceptable to dislike an idea feminism that purposes to work toward equal rights for all people.
Comparison of rap lyrics to other genres.	there are plenty of examples given from rappers who are very conscious and clever, but even those hardly ever say anything i feel holds a candle to good lyrics from other genres.	this means that if you can use your voice in a euphonious or interesting way, you can easily get away with not the best lyrics.
Debate on the effectiveness and ethics of torture.	the torture can have no lasting major ill effects.	how do you qualify what constitutes enough to be  known for a fact  that they have the information ? perhaps you can know for a fact that they are involved, but not that they have the information you want.
Benefits of Yoga and Pilates for Physical Fitness.	but i have not seen a serious discussion about the benefits offered by yoga or pilates to enhance the hard work that has already been done.	anyone who does any sort of sport incorporates strength training generally barbell training into their training  regimen.
Criticism of Oppression Model in Social Phenomena	the model works okay for explaining a lot of social phenomena, but is inherently simplistic usually requiring an oppressing group and an oppressed group.	sj is a broad term that encompasses many different things.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	it relies on the patient giving honest answers and being self aware of their feelings.
Religion as a Scapegoat for Logic and Knowledge.	people try to use their  religion  as a scapegoat for logic, reason, and the pursuit of knowledge; i. e.	some people worship karl marx.
Child safety and leashes in public places.	if little timmy wants to go run to the bey blade section at the store, chase after him but let him.	parents can still feel the child tugging at them to go to the toy section even with a leash.
Overcoming shyness and social anxiety.	in a similar manner all the people have to make some sort of effort to leave the comfort zone in order to know strangers.	i am not going to disagree that people do not sometimes do this, which is a type of   rationalizing URL however, as someone who used to be quite shy/socially anxious, and has made considerable progress to overcome it: i can assure you that  laziness  or  lack of energy  is not the cause of actual shyness/social anxiety.
Digitalization of Readings in Education	most readings these days are digital, either pdfs distributed by the professor, or books that are available digitally through kindle.	if you write in pen on a piece of paper it will always stay there, no matter what.
Challenges faced by third party candidates in elections.	as every vote for a third party makes the party the voter dislikes the most more likely to win due to the spoiler effect.	focusing on instant runoff voting is a losing strategy for most third party candidates.
Ethics and Accountability of Insurance Companies	how is insurance companies  need to make a profit a defensible claim for higher premium ?	why do i care as a customer about insurance companies  performance if i have no stake in it ? it is not to increase their profits per se.
Abortion and Carelessness.	but lets be honest, there are not even close to a majority of rape and birth defect screeners getting abortions.	there are medical conditions that some people have that making pregnancy difficult or life threatening.
Success in a field despite lack of skill or talent.	case in point, eazy e became a famous rapper even touring the white house doing something he was terrible at.	that is just kind of the nature of pop music though.
Acting and Hollywood roles.	same is true with a lot of modern art.	so, yes, there are some roles, even starring roles, in hollywood that pretty much anyone could play, but there are other roles that you seem to be wholly ignoring where this is anything but the case.
Logic and Christianity.	i have always had a logical mind, and will always look for evidence of anything before believing it.	yet for some reason, it was still considered logical to believe in the existence of dark matter because it made our theories work.
Criticism of Feminist Naming Conventions	i am all for that, but as feminists, why choose a name that now singles out women ?	it is the opposite of masculinity, which they cannot be, so why not embrace the femininity ? i could not name one current feminist by name, who is famous for something she did recently.
The morality of sacrifice and human flaws.	the proported act of sacrifice is morally wrong   no sacrifice to a deity could be considered moral in any circumstance.	to me, that is an incredible relief.
Lack of Restrictions for Bicyclists on Public Roads.	if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	because they helped pay for the roads, so why would not they be entitled to use something their money paid for ? and how are they  entitled  when the by laws say thats where they should be ?.
Consequences of universal maxims.	by considering whether something ought to be a universal maxim, we are already considering the consequences of that thing being a universal law.	we discover them, and can use and misuse them, get them right or wrong; but they are entirely part of the stable structure of the world.
Fatherhood joys and challenges.	think of all the joys fatherhood brings.	in fact, when your kids are under  and when they are teenagers, you will likely be more miserable than your childless peers.
White Privilege and Racism	statements like  white people ca not experience racism  are obviously bunk; tell that to the polish guy who got glassed and facially disfigured by a drunk woman in my town on the basis of his identity.	this is a basic, basic thing people never seem to get.
Disgust sensitivity and violence.	i think liberals feel more disgust over violence and blood for example.	your friend is pet cat dies and you have to pick up the dead body with your bare hands.
Marijuana use as a moral turpitude offense.	the several times he has used drugs marijuana counts as a multiple moral turpitude offense, which generally is considered against standards of  contrary to community standards of justice, honesty or good morals.	i hate to break it to you, but justin bieber is going to be famous, rich, and live a better more fulfilling life than you no matter where he lives.
Political spectrum and movements.	a fascist with a libertarian, both are apparently right wing.	both are apparently leftists.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	it is not about keeping god out of the model.
Misogyny in the gaming community.	with all the quinnspiracy and gamergate bullshit going on, i have come to the conclusion that gaming community of reddit is full of misogynistic neckbeards who are unable to take any critique.	oh, and i can freely take criticism, but if it is not valid i will simply ignore it or ridicule it.
Racism and Slurs.	i am not saying asians have a conscious plan to manufacture new slurs.	it is not like unbiased people are the ones propagating these words.
Learning from reality TV shows.	lessons of trust, betrayal the art of deception can be learned from shows such as big brother and survivor.	if you have the skill to back it up that is one thing, but kids basically never have that sort of skill.
Body image and beauty standards.	what i do not support is companies saying that real beauty is being round and curvy when in actuality, that may not be very healthy and should not be settled for.	their food choices are not my business.
Freedom of speech and regulations.	i should be able to say what i want.	it is very, very rare that we only ever have on point of view being espoused.
Power dynamics in economic transactions.	the buyer consumer has all the power, because he is the one who comes into the transaction with money.	most transactions lie somewhere in between and there is no reason sex work is not the same.
School liability waivers.	in my school, for example, in order to attend we have to sign waivers.	schools have the right to censor speech like in a school newspaper , and also can control speech if it distracts from learning.
Collaborative nature of scientific progress and a counterargument.	scientific advancement is a group effort from the society.	to advance further we need select groups of the very most intelligent people we have.
HIV transmission and consent.	take, for example, if a man got hiv from a woman and she knew she had it.	two or more ! people consented to performing an action together, and so it is the repsonsibility of each person to be responsible and safe when performing that action.
The War on Christmas and Religious Inclusivity.	the real goal of the  war on christmas  is to claim ownership of the end of the year, and pressure others to only acknowledge the christian holiday and exclude all others.	in that same sense, it is possible for a jewish person to be offended by  merry christmas  and a christian could be offended by  happy holidays  just as in both cases it is possible for the individuals in both cases above to not be offended.
Musical talent comparison between Page and Peart.	no one picks up a guitar and shreds solos like page.	but even if not,  that is the way he wants it.
Israel's stance on one vs. two state solution.	until israel endorses either a one state solution, or a two state solution, the israel government is, at best, disingenuous.	delaying.
Beauty standards and body image.	is real beauty not being thin, even though you may happen to have a high metabolism or eat healthy foods ?	real woman come in all sizes and shapes.
The effectiveness of education research and scientific method in education.	if education researchers did something useful why are our schools so bad ?	part of the problem is that the scientific method is great at studying things that are repeatable, but not everything trying to be studied in the social sciences is repeatable in that sense.
Parking and Backing Techniques	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	now, turn the wheel to the right about as far as your turned it to the left, and as you back up you will see the white lines in your sideview mirrors.
Patents and Copyright as Property.	however, patents and copyright are not  property  in the sense that cars are.	they are transferring the rights they have as the creator of the work to someone else for a fee.
Escalator etiquette and passing direction.	i said the  passing side of the escalator  because i suppose in some countries people may pass on the right.	not everything in life is analogous to traffic on a road.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	you did not need much to live comfortably, simply some food and books to read.
Challenges of Law Enforcement and Professional Standards.	my uncle is a cop, and hates his life when he gets a neighbor hood complaint call to go to a low rental home and deal with an abusive husband.	there are also a lot of really shitty police departments in cities, with continual history of being awful.
Criticism of Oppression Model in Social Phenomena	the model works okay for explaining a lot of social phenomena, but is inherently simplistic usually requiring an oppressing group and an oppressed group.	sj  people have already considered the limitations of that, hence intersectionality below.
Pickup truck usage.	most of the pickup trucks i saw where not carrying a massive load, there was just a person in the truck.	i sometimes have to transport things that are fairly disgusting and you probably do not want on the interior of a car.
Spanking as a consequence for young children's actions.	young children do not have the faculties to understand action and consequences.	extremely bad behavior gets extremely bad consequences.
Hitler's Ideology and WWII.	then, you get the biggest socialist in us history into power and he kicks off wwii from the us is perspective.	the nazis were not actually socialist, in fact hitler killed socialists.
Belief in God and personal stance on religion.	i mean god as a supreme being/entity who is all knowing, all powerful, and created the universe.	at this level, think of god more as a programmer.
Discussion on the concept of human nature.	people always talk about how pure children are.	what are the things you constantly have to hammer into children ? share.
Humanity's worthiness of a savior.	i do not think humanity really deserves a savior, especially at the cost of innocent life.	i know this sounds harsh, but everyone was always out for themselves, even when it was not even needed for survival.
The value of time and effort over monetary gifts.	i also add that i personally value the gift of time and effort above most monetary gifts because that is something that everyone values about the same.	sure there are those who buy a girl scout cookie box out of guilt or donate $, to a shelter to get people to quit bugging them at a fundraiser but for the most part they give because they actually care not because they have to.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	they tell you that it is your god given duty to protect your family, and this is how you do it.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	i am not really sure what everyone is supposed to understand as meaningful and healthy.
Police use of lethal firearms.	first off, why do your day to day patrol officers need lethal firearms ?	imagine being in a shootout and having to rely on backup because you do not have the firepower to take someone out.
Password security and malware infection.	ideally, passwords should not be reused, and a formula should be used to generate unique passwords for each account you have.	overseas, spending the night in a hotel without your pc, etc.
Cruise activities and limitations.	cruises are also full of activities to keep yourself and your kids occupied during the trip.	cruises are not valid for travel to all destinations.
Psychiatric diagnosis and lack of understanding of biology.	the time and effort the psychiatric institution has put in the diagnosis is less than the time and effort i myself put in as far as i can tell.	either you believe your doctor or not.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	now you have got a  really  pissed off guy who is actually going to carry though with that threat.
Racial disparities in the criminal justice system.	straight up, vocal, racists are in the minority now.	they do not represent the diverse and multicultural population of the united states in .
Benefits of Yoga and Pilates for Physical Fitness.	but i have not seen a serious discussion about the benefits offered by yoga or pilates to enhance the hard work that has already been done.	sprinters do front squats and cleans; marathoners do accessory barbell work to retain lbm; basketball players do squats and cleans, football players do squats, cleans, deadlifts and bench press; gymnasts do a lot of accessory shoulder work; do you see a common theme here ? diet is literally one of the most important things concerning physical fitness, across all forms of exercise.
Requirements for driving and biking on public roads.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	bicycles are comparatively simple even bikes with multiple gear shifts are relatively easy to repair and inspect by the layman.
Limitations of Society's Scientific Discoveries and Inventions	and so as a society, we are restricting our discoveries and inventions to the small areas of science and technology that we know about so far, that we think are credible and worthwhile.	while stemcells could definitively provide us with many benefits, there is a grey area here that we are running into of  what is life/what life matters ?   it would be extremely callous to completely dissuade those arguing against stem cell research without considering that in their mind at least they are attempting to prevent torturous abuse of life.
Weddings and gender roles.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	they are spending money on what they want/what is more important to them.
Opposition to needless abortions and consequences for lack of responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	if something shares the same genetics as me but does not have any thoughts or feelings than ofc i wont see it as my equal.
English Premier League history and format.	take the english premier league, the regular season is everything since the team with the best record is ultimately the winner.	over the  years, and nearly  teams,   only  different teams have won the championship URL manchester united, arsenal, chelsea, manchester city, and blackburn.
The difficulty of batting in professional baseball.	batting is also one of the tasks that many scientists claim to be impossible.	i do not play lol, but i dabble in fighting games, and you need to know your character is move set in and out, you need to know all of the other character is move sets so you know what you are up against.
Different views on success and retirement planning.	my idea of success is having a roof over my head, a steady supply of food, one used car, and a way to obtain the small salary, and also to have remaining spending money to entertain myself.	also, there is things like accidents, injuries and other things that can strain your finances.
Financial stability and selling out.	when you obviously have enough to be financially stable, everything after that is pure greed and no matter how great your work was in the past, the fact that you have lost your values undermines it.	the key factor is that the party has to betray  their own  principles or causes; your opinions or values  literally  do not matter in determining if the party sold out.
Consent and Birth Conditions.	apparently, i consented to these conditions by being born.	this goes for just about everything else in our society too, by the way.
Selling products using personal songs and art.	letting someone buy something as personal as the emotions conveyed in songs to help sell a product is wrong, and the art is no longer as genuine.	the significance of the personal expression put into a song, and its proper use maybe the commercial is for something you support , is best judged by the artist who created the song.
Disabling Ads and Payment Methods.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	not blocking based on personal preference ? people who do ad blocking.
Casualties and conflict in Palestine and Israel.	by simply looking at the numbers of casualties on both sides, the casualties on the side of the palistinians massively outnumber the ones on the isrealian side.	s as their backbone ? every country has the right to defend itself but i think the japanese model should have been apllied t.
Proposal to exclude non-contributors from society.	how about we reject the poor and people that do not contribute to society out of that society.	it naturally occurs in nature so why should not it in society.
The Complexity of Racism.	racism stems from negative stereotypes that are trumped up and oppress a people in a certain group.	when people wear that to  feel good and celebrate native culture  they are not celebrating  native culture  they are conflating all native cultures into one.
Advancing freedom of decision in diverse societies.	now, according to the advances we have in terms of technology and more scientific fields i think we need to advance a lot in terms of freedom of decision.	what about societies that are not technologically advanced, though ? what about places that do not have paved roads, phone lines, or the internet ? places where they still use mules to till land ? according to you, such places need religion, and since such places exist, then religion is needed in the world.
Fear of the Unknown in Natural Selection.	since natural selection shows us that the strong survive, at some point the human, or protohuman, brain tells humans that anything different is dangerous.	a problem most people have with horses is that the horse over reacts to fear by starting, spinning, or bolting off.
Homeless man's ability to care for a dog.	today i saw a homeless man with a dog and which lead me to thinking that he should not be allowed to look after the dog if he cannot even look after himself.	and there are still many places across the globe where dogs are kept for completely utilitarian purposes.
Parental responsibility and economic impact on child's success.	the children's mistakes are ultimately the parents' mistakes, a child who struggles in earnest or intentionally slacks off is a direct reflection of parenting.	this does not reflect poorly on the parents or say that the child is dumb, but some children develop later than others.
Debate on the morality of business actions.	but any  good  that is done by a company is an amoral action.	when they break the law they should be prosecuted.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	how does it waste our time, firstly ? we are far to large and important to just sit back like the nordic countries you listed.
Negative stereotypes of welfare recipients.	the program also contributes to the view of welfare recipients as lazy druggies and moochers.	if people on welfare are  required  and  proven  to be drug free, how would that contribute to the view that they are druggies ? with required testing, you can no longer call them druggies.
The impact of a child's self-perception on their development.	a child growing up thinking he is less important than everyone else could be just as, if not more, damaging than a child growing up thinking he is more important than everyone else.	so, i am not sure why a child grows up feeling unimportant when all we ever do is revolve around children in society to the point we wrap them in bubble wrap.
Debate on the Benefits of Reading Books.	a typical argument would be how much more engaging a book is because you are using your imagination to form scenes and develop characters, but i think readers generally take that concept to a level that simply does not exist.	a book give you the opportunity to show a story from a different side.
Weddings and gender roles.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	if feeling good is important to you, and if a certain event makes you feel really good, how can it be a waste of money ? but if a wedding/ring is more important to them than a down payment on a car, it is not a waste.
Suggestions for changing overtime rules in sports.	how about removing players from each side as more and more overtime is played or allow more substitutes during ot ?	putting players in a situation where they end up having to play another   minutes before it is over just to avoid penalties puts them at a disadvantage in their next game.
Sexism in video games.	if its actually a problem i want to see the statiscs, the science, etc that allows me to concede that video games need to change.	part of the problem is that even if an individual game is not overtly sexist, it is part of a larger trend that excludes women.
Debate on the feasibility of ancap utopia.	the only difference between the ancap utopia and our own world is that, in the ancap society, everyone nearly homogeneously believes in ancap principles, asides from a few troublemakers.	pro government violence ? well we can still form communities within communities.
Piracy vs. Buying: Which benefits the producer more?	please convince me that in a situation in which i ca not buy a game/book/movie, that ignoring that game/book/movie benefits the producer more than pirating it.	simply not participating with the product sends a far stronger message.
Concerns about education quality and tax revenue.	i have no problem with people getting a good education, but with all the extra students and not much more tax revenue for the schools, the quality of the education lowers.	dollars do not directly correlate with education quality.
Monogamy and Sexual Attraction.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	this is irrelevant.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	and;  you can hold yourself back from the sufferings of the world, that is something you are free to do and it accords with your nature, but perhaps this very holding back is the one suffering you could avoid.
Refereeing and Holding Calls.	i acknowledge that referees seem to call  holding  only on actions that directly affect the outcome of the play.	i would argue that that the refs could call holding in all three examples i provided, because arguably there was  grasping  and/or  pulling.
Evaluation of Economic Policies	his recovery act almost single handedly saved the economy from a depression saving main street, and completing the unpopular tarp bill saved wall street.	i do not give presidents a lot of credit, or blame, for the economy.
Minimum wage and its impact on businesses.	furthermore, our businesses will be the most affected by the increase of the mw.	laying off a ton of workers would switch many of these employees to full timers who might be eligible for more costly benefit packages.
The meaning of life and enjoying the moment.	enjoying the moment is possible, but does not make life have a point.	think of life as a gift of time.
Superficiality in Dating and Social Settings	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	ignoring that is just silly as a long term relationship will not work if the two people are not attracted to each other.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	i am thinking that her angle is that profanity is personally offensive because it is so disrespectful.
Challenges with Immigration Policy.	If the threshold for immigration is too low, there will be too rapid a population inflow in this process that the country can not handle.	if the process is too difficult and the major problem  too expensive  then you have the influx of illegals.
Attire at Music Festivals.	should girls be expected to wear bikini tops and bra is in public ?	why are not you complaining about guys not wearing shirts ? that is revealing clothing that might make others uncomfortable, and it can be seen in the background of the festival picture that you posted.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	also i question your use of  create.
Spoilers and disinterest in a TV show.	if you do not care about the show, why get all uppity if you now know the ending ?	example: friend quit watching a show after a few episodes, called it boring.
Pronunciation of Latin phrases in English.	us/english pronunciations of latin phrases show the speaker is complete ignorance of how sounds are formed in romance languages.	corpus delicti  and  a fortiori  have accepted pronounciations  as legal jargon.
Beauty standards and body image.	is real beauty not being thin, even though you may happen to have a high metabolism or eat healthy foods ?	those words can be mutually exclusive  although everyone should be confident in their own skin and should never dislike who they are, this contradicts the rest of what you said.
Humanity's worthiness of a savior.	i do not think humanity really deserves a savior, especially at the cost of innocent life.	you are right: at their core, humans are a bad bunch.
Comparing acoustic and electric music.	without vocal effects, bieber has been proven not to be able to reach the same notes as the white stripes have.	an electric guitarist would not be able to make those sounds without the effects.
Religion and the concept of God.	if god created us in his image, why is he considered good when we are a violent species ?	we also should not be able to solve all problems, because we otherwise would be all powerful and all knowing, which is apparently not intended.
Racial profiling and discrimination by police.	but if the same policeman finds a black kid with facial tattoos, a thick accent and pants around his knees we see that kid go to jail.	the only reason the rich kids can get off happens  after  they have been detained by the police.
Misalignment of School Year and Calendar Year	school and financial years are misaligned with calendar years.	as others have noted, us corporations can observe whatever year they want for taxes.
The value of writing and existence.	my books would most likely just be lost to time and pointlessness, so why even bother ?	of course that is ridiculous.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	but none of those people created that music.
Appreciation for magic tricks and the importance of mystery.	working out how the magic trick was done is half the fun for me and i think most people .	that is the primary goal of magic and magicians.
The use of the N-word in black culture.	b the n word is black culture, and imo saying the n word is not offensive to the black culture but accepting that black culture.	i asked her why she could use it and not i and her response was  its a way to regain power.
Criticism of Oppression Model in Social Phenomena	the model works okay for explaining a lot of social phenomena, but is inherently simplistic usually requiring an oppressing group and an oppressed group.	intersectionality URL you are arguing against straw feminism.
Subsidies for drivers and other modes of transportation.	hence everyone else, who has better things to do than drive everywhere, are forced to subsidize drivers in their irresponsible choices.	maybe so, but it is only restoring a bit of balance between driving and other modes of transportation.
Women's willingness to give up something for sex.	i ca not think of any scenario in which women are willing to give up something of significant value in order to get sex.	women can have multiple orgasms, and arguably stronger orgasms, but this requires a man to know what he is doing, or a woman aware of herself enough to tell a man what to do likely not something happening the first time.
Evolutionary Psychology of Physical Attraction.	beauty signals health, fertility, good genes, intellect, good decision making, and the subjective part of looks probably has something to do with traits that blend well with my own genes.	but if you are only investing in a few, you have the time to gather more information about your mate and you are doing yourself a disservice to prioritize looks above all other information.
Maturity on Reddit and Mental Health Support.	reddit often is not mature enough to deal with those kinds of posts.	self posts, like the ones in /r/suicidewatch and /r/askreddit do not generate karma.
The importance of prioritizing birth control in personal budgeting.	if you ca not make birth control a priority for your own personal budget, then why should you expect your health care to.	the whole point of having health care is so that it will help pay for medical bills when i ca not afford them.
Politics and Weddings.	i would not campaign for my favorite senator at my wedding.	i think it is a great idea to openly show support for extending the right  that you are about to enjoy  as a direct result of the wedding ceremony, to everyone equally.
Criticism of Feminist Naming Conventions	i am all for that, but as feminists, why choose a name that now singles out women ?	feminism is not a public relations deal, it is about rights, and pay, and treatment, and culture, and a host of things i am completely ignorant of.
Social Security and Medicare in the United States.	well, right off the bat, my grandmother and i live in the united states and a good chunk of my paycheck goes to social security and medicare.	i do not see how that is  you helping the older generation  at all.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	that is why they deny everyone else common sense positive rights such as the right to life and thus access to things like healthcare , the right to education, etc.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	the right to life has nothing to do with education and healthcare.
Southern Republicans and their obstructive politics.	southern republicans often spout rhetoric about shooting immigrants on sight.	when did they try to do this ? now his party tries to obstruct any form of progress in our government.
The limitations of commitment in marriage.	no one can make a commitment that lasts forever, no matter how much people fool themselves that that is what marriage is.	i acknowledge this with my partners all the time; relationships are open ended contracts where either party is able to end the contract whenever they want.
Challenges of true democracy in modern society.	true democracy has not been around since athens the last time all the people in a society was feasibly able to get together in a forum to vote.	so not really a direct democracy at all, more of a patriarchal facio militocracy.
Opposition to same-sex displays at weddings.	i would be extremely uncomfortable seeing men/women dancing/kissing people of the same sex at the wedding.	the simplest solution i can see to this is to speak to this person but not make it in any way related to her orientation.
Cultural exchange and understanding.	lets start educating each other about our different viewpoints and cultures.	dropping all our weapons and welcoming them with open arms would not end well.
Airline seat reclining policy.	i feel that i paid for a seat that reclines, and i also paid to sit in a seat where the one in front of me reclines as well.	you paid for a seat on a flight that will get you from point a to point b.
Society's reaction to rape victims.	however, when a woman gets raped, society is reaction amplifies these bad feelings to make the woman feel even worse.	also, when people go on and on about how huge of a problem false rape reports are yes, that happens, but from what i understand false reports do not make up the bulk of all rape reports.
Political spectrum and movements.	a fascist with a libertarian, both are apparently right wing.	hitler and the nazis is considered right wing because it was so much against left wing communism, despite the fact that a lot of it is more leftist.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	the affordable care act was proposed almost in its entirely by republicans offering an opposing plan to clinton is single payer initiative.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	women , and that is false.
Legalization of Racism in Housing, Employment, and Public Services.	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	what makes you think this would cause huge problems on a national scale ? i could see how you would think this would could problems in a few small cities in the south, but do you honestly think that more than  of employers would begin to discriminate if it were allowed ? any business focused on making maximum profit would certainly not do such a foolish thing.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	sometimes you have to make it big so that everyone can attend who wants to.
The ethics of financial control in abusive relationships.	as long as an allowance, or a budgeted income, or financial control is not a tool being used to facilitate physical, emotional, or sexual abuse, then i do not believe those behaviors in and of themselves constitute abuse.	sure, it might be your decision, but.
Helmet use for cyclists compared to aviation requirements.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	a bicycle is orders of magnitude slower and lighter than a car.
Criticism of using outdated arguments in cultural context.	i do not think the argument that he was revolutionary for his time a good one either.	what context are you reading his  arguments  against modern ones ? it feels like you are saying things you believe without adequately explaining why.
Monogamy and Sexual Attraction.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	if someone is in an exclusive relationship, there is the understanding that there will not be outside sex.
Cults and Organized Religion	people are afraid of  cults  but that is exactly what every major organized religion really is.	but the minute obama supported the same, it became the greatest threat to american civilization in our time.
The Complexity of Racism.	racism stems from negative stereotypes that are trumped up and oppress a people in a certain group.	to go with the native american example, there are a couple of things to consider.
Cars and Needs	if you want a cool car buy a porsche, much better looking and cooler.	a life where you were only furnished with what you actually needed would be a poor one indeed.
Challenging the Link between Slavery and Black Household Poverty.	which would lead me to believe that the obvious argument of  slavery black households are forever impoverished  is a weak one.	even if one dismisses the perceived social discriminations black americans report as being over sensitivity, the collective picture of less success is difficult to ignore and would complicate any policy to address poverty more widely.
Debate on animals' desire for life.	animals lack any explicit wish to live.	the point is when it comes to life, death is part of the program.
Inheritance Taxes and Wealth Redistribution	there would still be an incentive to gather wealth but the concept of being rich because your family used to be rich disappears.	just hire your children or name them on the trust before you die, and the money continues to flow.
Realization of someone's true nature.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	or if you cared about her at all, then you could have just told her that you did not like it that she canceled her plans.
Password management tools.	there days, the typical internet user needs to remember a whole list of passwords.	a fake login form could request and save an authentication token that can be reused.
The role of the government in business and society.	society needs rich people to look up to.	it gradually poisons the watering hole for all businesses in order to make short term gains.
Debating fairness and principles of same-sex marriage legalization.	on what principle would we act to include same sex marriage that would not be unfair towards other types of relationships like same sex throuples or polygamists, etc ?	you have proof these problems  worsened  because we  redefined marriage  ? what is the  dangerous message  being sent by allowing same sex marriage ? this is not true.
Dealing with allegations.	denying the allegations puts you in the awkward position of calling someone a liar.	assuming i am innocent, i would instantly go on the offensive and use the press to spread the message in no uncertain terms that those fucking liers should go fuck themselves, and that i would absolutely sue them for defamation.
Accounting for Employee Time Off	accounting on the employer side is complicated as there are going to be multiple ways of accounting for an employee is day off.	i do not buy these arguments at all.
Arguments for applying gay marriage to other practices.	i think the arguments that are used to support gay marriage can be directly applied to the other two practices mentioned.	incest is outlawed because of genetic dangers, and child welfare dangers.
Criticism of Environmental Hypocrisy in Private Jet Use	i have never heard these guys advocate the ban of private jets.	nobody is asking for a vow of poverty, he just needs to travel more efficiently on a commercial jet.
The morality of sacrifice and human flaws.	the proported act of sacrifice is morally wrong   no sacrifice to a deity could be considered moral in any circumstance.	have you ever done something you knew to be wrong ? have you ever done something wrong in the heat of the moment because of an overwhelming urge ? i know i have done both, and that fact seems to confirm the idea that we are innately flawed.
Escalator etiquette and passing direction.	i said the  passing side of the escalator  because i suppose in some countries people may pass on the right.	while blocking an escalator completely  may  be inconsiderate, the idea of  escalator passing lanes  is silly.
The distinction between personally and superficially offensive language.	she accused me of not caring about other people is feelings, because i make a distinction between words that are personally offensive and words that are superficially offensive.	their feelings about polite etiquette are as valid as someone else is pride in who they are.
Personal definition of success and self-reliance.	my idea of success is having a roof over my head, a steady supply of food, one used car, and a way to obtain the small salary, and also to have remaining spending money to entertain myself.	and  i personally do not rely on others for happiness so that wo not affect me too much.
Debate on Sizeism and Weight Judgement.	i think sizeism should not be a thing.	put some effort in to taking care of your body.
US military spending and losing wars.	and despite spending exponentially more than other countries on our military, we keep losing wars.	you are moving the goalposts by declaring all inventions made by americans to somehow not be real ones.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	when women can enter the workforce and earn their own money, men no longer have to support the women in their lives.
Definition of terrorism.	but as the years go by the word is being more and more loosely defined.	they did not attack strategic targets, they tried to terrorize the us into meeting their demands.
The importance of promoting gifted education.	if we are not promoting gifted education, then we are effectively encouraging mediocrity.	it is unhealthy for their motivation and can cause them to be bored in school.
Radicalism and Blame in Feminism.	often the loudest voices recieve the most attention and usually those voices come from the mouths of radical people.	we have every right to dislike specific actors of feminism, but nobody should feel the right to  dislike feminism  because that comes with the explicit implication that men and women are not equals.
The longevity and aging of tattoos.	i do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos wo not age well at all.	they are not to be  cool.
The fallacy of sound reasoning in suicide.	in my example, the depressed person is reasoning appears perfectly sound so i do not see why he should not commit suicide.	my father was a very intelligent man, who was very eloquent about his decision making process, whether he was on or off his meds for his schizophrenia.
Science and God's existence.	science should not be trying to disprove god.	branches of science which could arguably have a perspective, disagree fairly often.
Comparison of economic opportunities between USA and Switzerland.	us policies reduce its citizens economic and opportunities.	the examples of neutral foreign policy you list also, extremely conveniently, benefit heavily from the stability of the nato alliance.
Racism and Society's Segregation.	tell me why the society that condones racism is  better , especially for minorities.	why do you think people are inherently racist unless forced not to be ?.
Different views on success and retirement planning.	my idea of success is having a roof over my head, a steady supply of food, one used car, and a way to obtain the small salary, and also to have remaining spending money to entertain myself.	the reason parents have better experience is becuase they have gone through it, they have seen their kids get sick and have it drain the pockets.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if i were to drive at the speed limit, i would be a road hazard.	you raise the limit more so the slower people speed up, and people continue to speed again.
The Benefits and Limitations of Cruises	i think that anytime you would like to travel somewhere, you should go on a cruise.	what if one would like to visit devil is tower, mount rushmore, yosemite, or yellowstone ? you can go on vacation to those places.
Religious freedom and conformity.	there is not freedom to practice religious beliefs if you are required to adhere to any of the religious beliefs or rules of other religions.	this would be a lot more compelling if other such things were being disallowed across the board.
Police abuse and accountability.	to clarify; i think these officers abusing their uniform are repulsive.	police toss a flashbang into a child is crib, mutilating him for life ? no charges, no punishment.
Gender and racial categories in sports.	i think if sports are broken up into male/female categories for fairness then sports should also be broken up into racial categories for fairness.	so far only  women have passed the test URL  exceptions to not make the rule for all women.
Qualifications for Political Office	most of our presidents had never actually been a governor, many were senators, representatives, or even soldiers.	you are equating an intern with the vice president, or secretary of state, or us senators.
Responsibility for persecution of atheists.	also, anyone who, for whatever reason, is persecuted for being atheist is at least partly responsible for their own persecution.	an athiest who shares his/her beliefs is not necessarily  shouting loudly  about it, and sharing your beliefs does not make you responsible for people treating you badly because of them.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	i will be  treated  as responsible, even though that is not part of my training or job.
Experience of reading and editing on a computer.	reading and editing on a computer simply is not a good experience.	i find the opposite to be true.
Abortion and viability of the fetus.	we do not use that as a measure for whether other people are alive newborns ca not survive on their own very long.	if someone else can help the baby live, it is not a biological dependence.
Comparison of the right to property and equal protection.	the right to property and the right to equal protection are very similar in many ways.	education and healthcare require effort and resources from other people.
Gender inequality and consumerism.	men are the overwhelming consumers, and women are the overwhelming workers.	naturally, this lends itself to a situation where virtually all prostitutes are women, because by and large women have sexual capital to sell and men do not.
Limitations of human perception and reliance on science.	the truth is, our perception of our environment is very limited.	you have already relied on observation, measurement and science to be able to make this statement.
Opposition to needless abortions and consequences for lack of responsibility.	the lack of responsibility should not result in a life being snuffed out, and i believe that should face repercussions.	i see abortion the same way i see cumming into a tissue, it could be human life if i allowed it too but i would rather not your thoughts, opinions, values, beliefs are what make you human.
Libertarian view on equal protection and discrimination.	many libertarians however, deny that equal protection against discrimination should be a right.	why ca not there be a difference between rights in regard to the government, and rights in regard to other people ? we have freedom of speech, but that freedom does not apply to speech in a private business.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	life experience, emotions, household stability just a few of the major issues that can effect someone in short or long term learning potential, but none of these will be around for a lifetime.
Comparison of Star Trek and Star Wars films.	things is that his choices went against the spirit of the show and were these glossy shallow pieces.	he deliberately uses storyline tropes and formula in order to appeal to a mass market.
The War on Christmas and Exclusion.	the most offensive part of the  war on christmas  is one group trying to exclude all others.	keep in mind that there is no such thing as a one sided war.
The effectiveness of self-preservation in conflicts.	i think that self preservation of one is life will trump all of these reasons.	no, it would just cause people to start with deadlier force.
Disabling website ads and content payment.	by disabling those ads you are effectively taking the content that the site is providing but not using the agreed upon payment method having the ads on your screen .	most web pages offer me their content for free, there is no agreement that i have to pay by loading their ads.
Exclusion of men from feminism.	feminism should not be inclusive to men.	again, you are asking for feminism  here.
Gender identity and expression.	see, i have a gay friend who has many  feminine  traits, talks very much like a woman, his mannerisms, his tastes, etc.	that is a pretty important difference between your friend and a transgender person.
Benefits of taking morning showers.	you do not sweat nearly as much during the night.	this is the main reason i like taking showers in the morning.
Vegetarian consumers and their relevance to companies.	as a vegetarian, you are not the consumer and therefore you are not of interest to them.	see the proliferation of vegetarian/vegan convenience foods in the past decade as evidence of that.
Debate on Monogamy vs. Open Relationships.	more over, the reasons for being monogamous are exclusively character flaws related to the items mentioned above, or outright ignorance about non monogamy, about stis, etc .	just because you like the idea of an open relationship does not mean others have any interest in trying it.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	it is just words on a paper.
Power of words and trigger warnings.	we have granted power to words by creating phrases like  trigger warning  and we coddle our members rather than empowering them.	the people who are outraged about trigger warnings are no different from the ones who think we are coddling kids with too many allergy warnings, or that we are coddling epileptics with epilepsy warnings.
Grandfather Paradoxes and Time Travel.	logical grandfather paradoxes were made up for drama and to relate people to the story.	or make split timelines.
Pronunciation and Nationalism.	i am aware i am in a particular country that speaks english a certain way, but to completely discount alternate and, in many cases, the original pronunciation as  wrong  seems nationalistic at best and conceited at worst.	this is a normal function of sociolinguistics, which on a local scale ensures intelligibility, and on a larger scale creates divisions.
Batman's refusal to kill and his symbol of justice.	throughout the history of batman, the hero has refused to kill the villain and instead has him institutionalized or put in jail, from which the villain the joker, scarecrow, etc.	batman is a symbol of justice.
Helmet use for cyclists compared to aviation requirements.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	the requirement for piloting a supertanker is higher than the requirement for piloting a small fishing vessel.
Pacifism as an Approach to Dealing with Terrorism.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	now we have peace although perhaps it is not permanent this time either; only history will tell but the only reason that it was even possible was the deliberate choice to reject force and find a political solution.
Criticism of polyamorous relationships.	polyamory just seems like a rather immature way to have a relationship with.	fuck and populate.
Separation of Church and State's Impact on Global Dominance.	to us, an abandonment/separation of church and state was the first major move that allowed the west to begin its period of global dominance.	exploration of other continents, the printing press, the fall of constantinople and the resulting influx of ancient knowledge and ideas.
Fear of the Unknown in Natural Selection.	since natural selection shows us that the strong survive, at some point the human, or protohuman, brain tells humans that anything different is dangerous.	right now racism sells newspapers and gets certain people votes and control.
Criticism of societal conformity and its consequences.	in real life if you point out that the emperor lacks clothing, the emperor and everyone pretending to see otherwise decide to hate you, yell at you, and may try to kill you.	or the emperor is actually wearing clothes and people get annoyed at you for telling others that the emperor is dumb and likes to chill naked.
The use of grades as a measure of personality factors.	i understand that grades also can be used to measure certain personality factors conscientiousness, ability to follow instruction, adherence to procedural norms which all debatable might be as important as understanding the material.	a well designed final exam comprises a very significant portion of the grade and tests knowledge of everything in the course.
Criticism of Winter Olympics Sports Variety.	the sports in the winter olympics are just plain old boring.	these are examples of imo very non boring sports that have stood the  test of time  as in, have been in the olympics for about a century.
Subjectivity in Art and Music Valuation	in the marketplace, art is value tends not to be based on the amount of time taken to create it.	your creating a phantom necessary relationship between something taking a lot of time, and something being completed on time, the two are not mutually exclusive.
Self-defense tactics and ethics.	if you do not want a vicious beating do not go around attacking people unjustly.	if you are powerful enough to have brought him down, then he ca not afford to give you this advantage.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	but it is important to understand that other people are going to make different choices for different reasons.
Patrilineal naming tradition and biological relationship.	children that come out of your body are pretty unquestionably your children.	fathers do not have that same certainty.
Fitness and Body Size.	the prevailing opinion is that being massive being fit, and that is just plain wrong in my opinion.	people are heavily into cardio alongside resistance training as well.
Men's rights in abortion and financial obligations.	therefore, i believe that men should either have abortion rights, or the right to waive all financial obligations to his child while abortion is still an option.	if you get sole custody of your child, there is no reason why you ca not file to have your ex girlfriend pay child support.
Criticism of TSA and Security Theater in Air Travel	i think the only reason security theater exists is because airlines have lobbied the us government to ensure that fliers feel safe on their airplanes.	people want to  see  something being done.
Gender bias in media representation.	so my question is:why are women allowed to have female centered mediums with biased views on men, but men are not ?	i never see anyone saying that we have to include more men in these things, or that we have to pay lip service to men in cosmo so their feelings are not hurt.
Criticism of Anime Tropes and Historical Context.	i find the tropes of anime very inane, everyone looks the same, people are too serious or too wacky, the animation is clunky same expressions , the subject matter is very bizarre and i ca not stand most of the characters.	the anime can now be based on a bizarre setting, that would not have been possible with live action.
Regretting tattoos from a life-changing retreat.	anyway, my view is simply that tattoos are just not a good idea.	i have seen old people with great looking tattoos.
Pharmacies and Vaccinations.	the shot is a big way for the pharmacies to make their money from a virus that is not even relevant.	URL from  , annual influenza deaths in the u.
Effectiveness of a separate force for armed threat response.	finally, is there any reason why a separate force equipped specifically to respond to armed threats would be ineffective ?	? along the same lines as above, there are plenty of instances where the extra force or just the presence of it can pull a situation under control faster than mace or a taser would.
Criticism of computer-edited music genres.	also, the computer fixed vocals and edited instruments just does not make these people any more like able.	i do not think very many rappers heavily edit vocals.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	right as lahey and randy are about to bust ricky, your fucking house explodes.
Fatherhood joys and challenges.	think of all the joys fatherhood brings.	just be realistic about the likely affect it will have on your mental and physical state.
Relationship between personal finance and market trends.	economics what you do with your money affects the markets.	it was during a time of economic freedom, in america, that not only made it the place to be, but a time of wonderful invention and discovery.
Restaurant reviews and grading process.	that opinion is informed by a single visit to a restaurant with little to no knowledge of how the restaurant works.	things like the cleanliness of the establishment, decoration, what is on the menu, their wine list and staff handling of your visit are fairly constant and therefore a sample of one can be quite indicative.
Gymnastics requires mastery of precision and form.	though other sports include the use of precision and form as well, gymnastics requires one to master these skills.	as does diving and tons of other sports.
Morality vs. Power in a Country's Strategy.	i believe x now has a strategic advantage over y because while y is concerned with morality, x is concerned more earthly things, like conquest.	the former is difficult to achieve.
Capital punishment and ethical concerns.	imagine if someone came into your life, took away someone you held near and dear, causing suffering to you and everyone who knew them.	this is not a good idea to give the state the power or responsibility of something indistinct or nebulous like ensuring a punishment is tortuous enough, or other silly things like humiliating people for punishment, etc.
The concept of being an ally.	in essence, declaring yourself to be an ally outsources your moral reasoning to the group with which you have allied, and i cannot imagine any reason to do that.	the term ally implies that i am going to take a backseat because while i support the movement, i lack the experience to actively participate in its decision making process.
Learning from reality TV shows.	lessons of trust, betrayal the art of deception can be learned from shows such as big brother and survivor.	that   minutes of screen time will correspond to something like   hours of filmed time depending on the show.
Criticism of human nature and selfishness.	i would never sacrifice the person i cared most about to help such a selfish, deliberately ignorant, and self centered species.	we meet more groups than just two.
History and significance of "under God" phrase.	the under god line is actually a relatively new addition.	anyway, the phrase has a great deal of historical and cultural background to it.
Gender Stereotyping and Gender Identity.	through traditional stereotypes of masculinity and femininity, gender creates a categorization of behaviors, qualities, and images as belonging either to men or women.	this is even backed up by biology, with testosterone being the cause of most traits viewed as masculine, and estrogen being the cause of most traits viewed as feminine.
Voluntary nature of seeking psychiatric help.	from what i understand, seeking psychiatric help is voluntary, and requires will on the side of the patient to decide whether he or she wants/needs to seek help.	cholesterol screening is not mandatory.
Opinions on charitable challenges and personal donations.	i feel that these sorts of challenges like ice bucket challenge are the kind of things people would want to do anyway, and raising money is mainly an excuse to do so.	plus, based on an assumption i am making because they are popular, these events seem to be more effective at getting people to donate than just plain asking them to donate.
Challenges of true democracy in modern society.	true democracy has not been around since athens the last time all the people in a society was feasibly able to get together in a forum to vote.	i do not think that there is any reason to believe that it would  work  any better than what we currently have, nor is there compelling evidence that our current system is so completely  broken  that a complete overall of the entire system would be necessary as opposed to the process of evaluation and reform we currently have.
Scotland's potential independence and its impact on the UK's military.	well, first of all, the uk, currently the fourth largest military power in the world and a country that has a permanent seat on the un security council would be decimated in its strength.	even if you do not think the above reasons are particularly compelling, this at least shows that there are reasons besides nationalism for scots to be voting yes.
Batman's Mass Assault on Bane with Fatal Consequences.	in dkr batman organizes a mass assault on bane, knowing the police are using guns, and bane is troops are using guns, which leads to a lot of deaths.	i do not know why you specifically use tdkr as you could argue batman should be actively protesting gordon and the gpd using guns across all the his media when he works with the police.
Societal expectations and objectification of women's bodies.	on a certain level, is not everyone selling their body ?	men can social value,a college education, and their health is constantly monitored by colleges.
Belief in God and Agnosticism.	basically i am saying that there are a lot of inconsistencies based around the idea of god.	any number of reasons, up to and including god being a sadist and thus making a species that constantly wars with itself.
Internet and Social Networking Usage.	or users would just stop using social networking as much.	bottom line: it is the only place i can talk to all of my  friends  at one time, so in a way it is a monopoly.
Economic progress and potential job loss.	If the policy is implemented, workers will have nowhere to go but to the unemployment line.	unemployment is relatively low.
Religion's dual nature as conservative and revolutionary.	religion, in nature, is conservative and/or reactionary.	the supernatural stuff.
Disadvantages of having a child.	having a child is objectively a bad decision economically, time wise, etc.	society  needs  the next generation.
Importance of having trustworthy representatives in government.	the people are the boss who hire the representatives to run their precious country.	preventing the majority from making rash decisions is what separates a good democracy from a mob.
Impact of Driverless Cars on Insurance and Corporations.	most importantly large insurance companies will take a hit from this, and we all know who calls the shots in the us government, the big corps.	even granting that big corps call the shots which i do not believe there are still big corps that have a lot to gain from driverless cars shipping corps, taxi corps, the manufacturers of the driverless cars, etc.
Taxation and Wealth Distribution.	if you do not pay federal income tax your either a criminal or poor.	or you are rich and do not need to work for a living because you live off of your inheritance or trust fund.
Benefits of Yoga and Pilates for Physical Fitness.	but i have not seen a serious discussion about the benefits offered by yoga or pilates to enhance the hard work that has already been done.	strength is one of the few things that you can apply to virtually any aspect of fitness.
***Topic: The Need for Big Scale Economic and Global Policy	big scale economic and global policy is needed, because the problem is trillions of times bigger than one guy and his yacht.	if instead you could convince a large percentage of consumers to make ethical decisions then a market will grow for more environmentally friendly alternatives and more companies will reduce their co emissions to try to appear concerned about the environment to their consumers.
The importance of informed decision-making and avoiding indecision.	as one can make the most informed decision with all information and research that is available, why be rash.	because time is a resource that is only lost.
The creation of music by talented individuals.	anyone with even a modicum of talent on guitar or drums can play green day songs.	it is one thing to play song.
Freedom of speech and regulations.	i should be able to say what i want.	it is not just about you being able to say what you want, but other people to say what they want, and the interplay between the two.
Monogamy and ethical considerations in relationships.	if we are all biologically programmed to find the opposite sex attractive, how could we possibly never want to fuck other people in a committed relationship ?	otherwise, it is disrespectful because you are breaking an agreement and violating trust.
Scotland's potential independence and its impact on the UK's military.	well, first of all, the uk, currently the fourth largest military power in the world and a country that has a permanent seat on the un security council would be decimated in its strength.	sure, the uk would lose some military power, but some of that would be recouped in the form of a new scottish military.
Feminist group's name choice.	i am all for that, but as feminists, why choose a name that now singles out women ?	even in the developed west, i think a good argument can be made that women deal with far more gender specific shit, but if we check the other two thirds of the world is population it is not even close.
Misinformation about suicide.	these kinds of posts are easy to fake for attention.	let me ask you this.
Morality of killing in military service.	by enlisting in the military, you have agreed to kill someone on behalf of the cause for which that military is fighting.	the first two are especially relevant to your response:   it is morally reprehensible to kill a human being without a just cause.
Avoiding political labels and the left/right spectrum.	instead of saying  yeah i lean left  or  yeah i am right wing  see yourself outside the spectrum and refer to yourself what you are actually are to avoid confusion.	there is not really a delineation for north/south or other locations.
Fear of being alone and seeking comfort in relationships.	i do not really want to be alone all my life because i am too afraid of someone screwing me over, breaking my heart, or me breaking their heart because i make a mistake or just get tired of the relationship etc.	a lot of people who feel that romance just is not right for them, but do not want to live alone, find a lot of comfort in them.
Sociopaths and Moral Quandaries	a sociopath would be able to ignore moral and ethical quandaries and cut straight to the point: what is best for the nation, and our people.	the purpose of government is to represent the will of the people.
Wearing watches vs using smartphones for time telling.	most people already have switched from wearing watches to using their smartphones for time telling.	that means there is no longer a point for am/pm, other than tradition.
Racism and Reclaiming the Word "Nigger"	i do not undestand why black people are so sensitive when you rarely hear asians complaining that people say stuff like  me chinese me play joke  even though that seems more previlant.	any asian person will still be very offended by that.
Cats' behavior towards humans.	cats feel no empathy, remorse or respect towards humans.	cats are affectionate and loyal, they are just not big slobbery dumbasses like dogs.
Obama's defense of Sony's cyber bullying of Kim Jong Un.	if obama defends sony for cyber bullying kim jong un, why does not he defend cyber bullies in schools ?	he will be ok if someone makes fun of him.
Mandatory helmet use for cyclists.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	no it is not sampling bias.
NBA's entertainment value vs. offering opportunities for shorter players.	while some, even the majority of, people will always prefer the nbas entertainment value, there is little to be lost by offering the vertically challenged a chance to strut their stuff.	the players will expect to be paid.
Alcohol policy on campus.	kegs are not allowed on campus so we just have to spend more money on beer.	i am not sure about every semester, but most schools require students to take some sort of alcohol course upon entry to their school.
Appreciation for magic tricks and the importance of mystery.	working out how the magic trick was done is half the fun for me and i think most people .	to judge whether someone is a good magician or not, do not look at their secrets, technical ability or skill, instead look at their audience.
Government assistance programs and homelessness.	the programs covered would be where an individual applies for benefits including food stamps, housing, medicaid, social security and so on.	they do not qualify for cheaper housing so they are either living with someone else or homeless.
Organ donation and religious beliefs.	i am only aware of one reason that would prevent some one from being an organ donor, and that is religious.	why would i further reinforce this fear by proving to exactly those same people that  yes, indeed, they are right no one cares  ? often times people can be changed, can become more compassionate and outreaching, simply because someone did something meaningful for them.
Gender roles and stereotypes in sexual behavior.	i really want to start thinking that men could also be considered a whore and that a woman can be a player.	whether or not it is  easy  or  hard  to for an individual to find someone to have sex with, the act of having sex is simply something that they enjoy doing.
Social anxiety and difficulty with romantic relationships.	i had no courage to even talk to a girl i had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.	go check out /r/askmen or /r/askwomen, full of people who are just poorly informed or outright clueless about things.
Private vs Government Space Exploration Funding	spacex and virgin galactic have been able to do with limited funding what nasa could not do with a much bigger government backed budget.	it cost less than $millions so $ per capita, it is not like they cut education spendings in half.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if we all obeyed them, traffic would come to a crawl.	there would be no  traffic  at all because we are all moving the same speed and therefore there is nothing stopping the flow of traffic barring the occasional incident.
Homelessness and Nationalism.	homelessness, try being homeless in a country where if you are homeless you have to live through fucking cold high mountain winters.	i think both places have pros and cons, but to deny this and thing it is  all a big draw  is dishonest.
Gender representation in video games.	the right to play as a female character in a certain game ?	you must be kidding me, how does this have anything to do with your rights ? it is a reflection of a social issue and, having the option to change it, you do not, so it can get criticism by someone saying  you have the change to send a better message.
Financial Responsibility and Choice of Spending.	i am forced to pay at least partially for all of these things and offered no way to choose where my money goes.	but that is what you get when you refuse to contribute to the financial support of the society.
Debate on the Benefits of Reading Books.	a typical argument would be how much more engaging a book is because you are using your imagination to form scenes and develop characters, but i think readers generally take that concept to a level that simply does not exist.	i want to know what comes next.
Foreign threats caused by USA's actions and intervention.	many of the usa is foreign threats are self caused through meddling, intervention, wars abroad. do we see al qaeda threatening switzerland or finland ?	where in the world ca not you find a coke ? a marlboro ? a budweiser ? it is our global reach is what rustles jimmies.
Budget allocation for NASA and social benefits.	in the case of the annual budget allocation of the us assuming space is not privatized , giving more funding to nasa means giving less funding to public schools and other social benefits.	we are a nation of many people, and it is silly to pick one  worst  cause and dedicate money to it.
Accessibility to basic human needs.	we should not to compete for basic human needs like education, health, security, food and shelter.	i would agree that it is essential.
The limitations of God's abilities and the perspective of organisms.	god is supposedly all knowing, all present, and all powerful yet there are no organisms on earth that display physiological capacities to do the things that god can do.	all that is really needed for a being of that level is awareness, and pinpoint molecular manipulation at will.
Comparison of speeding and drunk driving laws.	also, the speeding law i described would actually be more just than drunk driving laws, because at least you know when you are speeding.	speeding can be done safely since you can speed with nobody around and slow down to handle congested areas.
Animal farming and its impact beyond human consumption.	if you decide to not eat animals so that hopefully less farm animals are subject to such horrible conditions, you are ignoring the bigger picture.	if you choose to not eat meat, you must also agree that you should not own a pet from a pet store because this means the animal was bred in a mill of mass production.
The negative effects of video games on social life.	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	but the same could also be said for the outdoor player who cannot spend time alone and collect themselves.
Opinions on charitable challenges and personal donations.	i feel that these sorts of challenges like ice bucket challenge are the kind of things people would want to do anyway, and raising money is mainly an excuse to do so.	most people do not want to give up the majority of their time, skills, or money but would still like to be able to help out.
Backing up a vehicle.	you need to turn your entire head around to make sure the space is clear, check both sideview mirrors and slowly back in.	it honestly sounds like you are just bitter because you had to wait all of  seconds for someone to back in to a space.
Consequences of Unprotected Sex.	you played the game, had your fun, got burned, and have to deal with the consequences.	consenting to whom ? the fetus that does not exist yet and may never exist.
Misconceptions about bisexuality.	the potential partners i could have would be increased, et cetera.	such a lie, as someone who is bi i can promise you this is not true.
Men's rights to opt out of child support.	men should be able to opt out of supporting a child.	this is imperative in abusive relationships in particular.
Belief in God and personal stance on religion.	i mean god as a supreme being/entity who is all knowing, all powerful, and created the universe.	this goes against every known law of physics.
Gender stereotyping and societal approval.	anything further is just people seeking attention and the approval of society.	big weddings are not appealing to all.
Changing last name after marriage.	i, as a woman, leave my old family name wise at least , and create a new one with my future husband.	i still see my parents and siblings on a regular basis, and so does my wife.
Efficient boarding process at airports.	passengers should be required to self sort prior to having their tickets scanned.	two hundred cranky travellers, some with heavy bags, some with babies and children, all attempting to sort themselves into a line you really think this would be  faster  ?.
The right to privacy and surveillance.	to me, essentially there is no right to privacy in itself, just right to private thoughts, free actions, and private property which surveillance would not and does not change.	they may have been picked by someone, who was picked by the president, or perhaps picked by someone who was picked by someone who was picked by the president, but we do not know.
Grandfather Paradoxes and Time Travel.	logical grandfather paradoxes were made up for drama and to relate people to the story.	it is like asking what would happen if an immovable object was hit by an unstoppable object.
Opposition to same-sex displays at weddings.	i would be extremely uncomfortable seeing men/women dancing/kissing people of the same sex at the wedding.	however, i would suggest that you consider how hurt you would feel if you went to a wedding and people felt it unpleasant to see you dance with your fiance it would feel awful.
Belief in God and personal stance on religion.	i mean god as a supreme being/entity who is all knowing, all powerful, and created the universe.	assuming those exist not a crazy assumption since nothing we know says that cannot exist , why would god create those things ? firstly, if he created this universe for humans, then by all accounts he did a piss poor job of it; the vast vast majority of the universe will kill you within  seconds if you dropped into it naked, and even the parts where it would not be  seconds would likely be a couple of minutes.
Consent and Birth Conditions.	apparently, i consented to these conditions by being born.	if you want to spend less money on the military or penal system, vote for politicians who represent those interests.
Living conditions in Africa.	africa was, and still is, a pretty awful place to live in.	i think they would have been better off without suffering through the midway passage, where  of them died.
Income inequality and poverty alleviation.	if there are adequate systems for poor people to escape poverty such as education then there is nothing wrong with a broad income spectrum.	people act like it is a big deal that the middle class is being split between those who are wealthy and those who are not, but that just means there are more rich people.
Social anxiety and difficulty with romantic relationships.	i had no courage to even talk to a girl i had interest in, was socially awkward and was made fun of most of my teenage years.	they are nothing special, and worse, they have a very thick air of misogyny and toxicity around them.
Protection from discrimination and individual responsibility.	the right to be protected from discrimination protects minorities from private persecution.	there is no such right.
Controversy surrounding Arvo in a video game.	we all love lee even though he did something just as bad; we ca not judge arvo for what little we have seen of him especially in his state.	arvo responds by shooting clem.
Consistency of devices in schools.	secondly, lack of consistency with students  devices would cause confusion.	pretty much all standard devices have some kind of web browser and the internet is going to be the main source of information and activity in a high school.
Criticism of profit-making organizations and military industrial complex.	somehow our noble society would not harm a fly if not for these evil profit making organizations and military industrial complex.	i think you may be blowing this view out of proportion.
Faking wealth.	i think being a billionaire would bring me the greatest satisfaction.	of a nation this is where even i start to think i am getting ahead of myself.
Batman's refusal to kill and his symbol of justice.	throughout the history of batman, the hero has refused to kill the villain and instead has him institutionalized or put in jail, from which the villain the joker, scarecrow, etc.	to quote the batman himself:  i am the reason the criminals breathe easier when the sun rises.
Men's desire for sex and prostitution.	one reason i believe this, is that men patronize prostitutes in significant numbers and men are willing to trade things of real value like money in order to get sex.	i think that their impulses are no where near as strong as men is impulses are.
Advocating for a pacific approach to dealing with terrorists.	why we should try a pacific way to deal with terrorists ?	you are kinda fucked up and ca not hear anything, but you can walk.
Superficiality and importance of appearance.	we are becoming increasingly superficial; looks are the be all end all.	i do not think that is a bad thing.
Views on Gifted Students and Human Potential.	i see  gifted  students as being kids with greater potential than the average student, either through greater intrinsic motivation or natural talent.	let is see who wins.
Polygamy as a recognized form of marriage.	when we last redefined marriage with no fault divorce, divorce rates skyrocketed and a number of problems worsened.	no fault divorce has no relationship to who should be able to be married.
Freedom of speech and minority views.	speech that is hateful, bigoted, and just terrible should be made illegal.	but when speech is only free when it is sufficiently close to the majority sentiment, it is not free at all.
Morality and free will in relation to God.	i will not entertain the idea that morality is relative.	that is not it.
Criticism of Feminist Naming Conventions	i am all for that, but as feminists, why choose a name that now singles out women ?	that is not the only goal.
The social effects of identifying as a gamer.	in my experience, people who categorize themselves as  gamers  have fewer friends, especially female friends.	this does not make them less mentally engaging than sports.
Artistic integrity and commercialism in the music industry.	the art is no longer as genuine.	you never find out about this and continue to enjoy the song.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	you think everyone should life their life the way you do.
Anti-immigrant sentiment and violence.	southern republicans often spout rhetoric about shooting immigrants on sight.	there is no way one group of policies could suffice for all of us.
Comparison between laptop and tablet.	using a laptop is just a less ergonomic experience.	laptops are actually pretty comfortable and easy to read on.
Capital punishment and use of the electric chair	some of these people who commit these crimes make me want to personally execute them.	although there is the simple logic that if cruelty is bad, it is still bad if it happens to a cruel person.
Consistency of devices in schools.	secondly, lack of consistency with students  devices would cause confusion.	the school would definitely not provide a poor device that could not keep up with the rest of the class.
Maturity on Reddit and Mental Health Support.	reddit often is not mature enough to deal with those kinds of posts.	she was just a person.
Debate on whether inmates should receive free liver transplants.	however i see no reason for an inmate, most of which are former drug and alcohol abusers to perhaps receive a new liver, free of charge.	withholding medical treatment can cause serious complications will extend into their post jail life.
HOA's role in maintaining property values.	one of the main goals of an hoa are to help maintain or even increase the value of the homes in the neighborhood by preventing people from doing things that would lower property values.	what do you value more, the ability to maintain your vehicle yourself, or else protection from other people doing work on their driveways ? how does the ability to have a fire in the backyard compare to protection from the smoke that it causes ? how does the ability to change your home and property compare to protecting the uniformity and aesthetics of the neighborhood ? the answers are different for every person, but i value the ability to maintain my vehicle, have fires, and modify my property much, much more than protection from the same.
The insignificance of one's actions over time.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	but if we hypothetically found something artificial on mars but no life, could we say that their lives meant nothing ? it would certainly enrich ours as humans.
Stress of falling behind in school or work.	if you miss a few days, you end up fighting an uphill battle which makes all of your work worse as you try to both catch up on missed assignments and keep up with incoming ones.	in fact, students with passion for subjects usually do significantly better in those subjects.
Personal finance and household budgeting.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	it is a lot harder to leave an abusive relationship if you wo not be able to feed yourself or the kids when you get out.
City's policy on transportation balance.	the other argument is that the city is gouging drivers.	you do not pay a road surcharge when everything you buy was shipped to your stores on the road.
Collaborative nature of scientific progress and a counterargument.	scientific advancement is a group effort from the society.	if more people take part in science, more progress is made.
Rationality of religious fundamentalism.	i am referring to someone whose personal religious beliefs are obsessive and interfere with one is ability to think rationally.	i am unclear why you think such actions and such thoughts are irrational ? to me, these are perfectly rational things and if you were to ask a religious fundamentalist, they would be able to rationalize their thoughts, choices, and actions.
Highway speed limits and safety concerns.	the speed limits on most highways just do not make sense.	in , speeding was a contributing factor in  percent of all fatal crashes, and , lives were lost in speeding related crashes.
Debate on the necessity of playoffs in determining a winner.	the team that has the most points at the end of such a season is a clear winner, and playoffs are not really needed.	in reality, they could hold other teams to only a few runs, but in some games it is only a few runs or, just  run that make the w.
Religion's dual nature as conservative and revolutionary.	religion, in nature, is conservative and/or reactionary.	what makes it so incompatible now at this arbitrary point in time ?.
Body image and societal expectations.	i think women should try and be their best self, fit, healthy, active, and strong.	you ca not fault others for finding self love if they do not have the same beliefs, body, and resources as you.
Legalization of Racism in Housing, Employment, and Public Services.	what will actually happen if racism in terms of discrimination on housing, employment, and public services is legalized, is that the free market will react to the demand of racist services.	discriminating against minorities would be a  huge  disadvantage for any business model.
Mandatory helmet use for cyclists.	cyclists should also have to wear helmets.	more bikes means less cars to wait behind, less cars to merge into.
Perception of police by law-abiding citizens.	for all of the law abiding citizens, police serve as heroic figures who save the day.	who polices the police ? nobody.
Discussion of the distinction between sex crimes and voyeurism.	what we have here is not a sex crime, but a technologically advanced version of a peeping tom.	even if perhaps not technically something that would be considered a sex offense in every state, most would see them on par and would argue the laws are just lagging behind public opinion.
Shaving before anal sex.	anyone who will have sex with a butthole, but is not willing to shave one, is immediately suspect.	they would rather a professional do it rather than risk an ingrown hair or doing it wrong and cutting you or hurting you.
Personal freedom and LGBTQ+ rights.	i should be allowed to decide what risks i want and make mistakes and learn from them.	you may think that if you end up dead in a gutter there wo not be consequences for the school, but that is not correct.
Criticism of GOP's War on Drugs policy.	the gop started the war on drugs, a policy which is obviously a gross mismanagement of taxpayer dollars and racist to boot.	not to mention that countless democrats and republicans have supported this since its inception.
Value of artists vs. athletes.	however, i do feel that actors, musicians and other artists are overvalued because their skills are not rare and are easily replaceable, unlike those of athletes.	he had access to all the same letters that we all learn in kindergarden.
Financial control in a two-person household.	if i am the sole breadwinner in my two person household, i should be able to dictate what and where my money is being spent.	sure, it might be your decision, but.
Debate on Homosexuality and Evolution.	homosexuality, in my opinion, goes completely against the theory of evolution.	it seems like you should change what you think about evolution.
The value of time and effort over monetary gifts.	i also add that i personally value the gift of time and effort above most monetary gifts because that is something that everyone values about the same.	i would also much rather have $, from a ceo than  hours of his time painting a house.
Funding public education and health care systems.	most of the resources obtained by the redirected inheritances could fund very strong public education and health care systems giving everyone a fair start in life.	your idea denies them the right to make charitable donations, and distributes their money based on the wishes of politicians.
Manipulation and Control Tactics of Crime Lords.	actions like that engender dissent and create a culture of fear and paranoia among your henchmen.	when you have replaced their wants and needs with your own, there is nothing left to encourage a revolt.
The creation of music by talented individuals.	anyone with even a modicum of talent on guitar or drums can play green day songs.	anyone could have written a shakespeare play.
Prioritization and Counseling for Social Dysfunction.	in addition to that, power, respect and a fame of sorts are my priorities too.	normal people will either respect or dispise you, but the real problem is that you can not interact with them in a meaningful way.
Love as a social construct and primal instincts.	true, but maybe that is because love itself is a social construct ?	women and men fucked back in the primal ages because that is what we are wired to do.
The insignificance of one's actions over time.	at some point, the sum of all your actions becomes nil.	a bit of a philosophical rebuttal.
Open relationships and intimacy.	i do not see how you can have a meaningful, healthy and truly intimate connection with someone if there is a chance that someone else can  be  with your significant other in that way.	i trust my girlfriends love and i do not see why she should love me less because of sex.
Unkindness and Insulting Behavior	similarly, if i were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think i was an asshole.	because i do not think unkindness is a thing that should be tolerated.
Learning from reality TV shows.	lessons of trust, betrayal the art of deception can be learned from shows such as big brother and survivor.	shows such as kitchen nightmare and hotel hell are not only highly entertaining to watch, but different leadership and managerial skills could be learned from such shows.
Consumer behavior towards movie theaters and home theaters.	second, and more importantly, as consumer behaviors change to favor streaming in home theaters as opposed to going to movie theaters and building home libraries stubbornly limiting your best content to only the old distribution channels has never kept consumers from adopting new behaviors.	we are constantly bombarded with marketing until and after the film is release.
Microevolution and Macroevolution.	evolution occurs on small scales with species, but these species do not hold a common ancestor.	with our current understanding of evolution,  every  change is slowly and incrementally gained.
Lack of innovation in long-lived game franchises.	cod does not really have anything astoundingly different from other games of the same genre.	how do you make a successor while maintaining the formula of the franchise and at the same time making enough changes such that it is not a rehash of previous titles ? every single modern franchise has this issue; bf, civilization, total war, borderlands, halo etc.
The Effects of Video Games on Social and Physical Health	i believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them.	it is just wrong.
Degradation of language skills.	anymore, you do not have to even spell words right.	not everybody values a thesaurus.
Advantages of digital clocks	digital clocks are better since its faster to read the minutes as a number.	it is essentially the same reason that a line chart shows trends and relative values in an easier way to understand that a table of numbers.
***Topic: The Need for Big Scale Economic and Global Policy	big scale economic and global policy is needed, because the problem is trillions of times bigger than one guy and his yacht.	do not say that co emissions need to be lowered whilst having a larger carbon footprint than the average person could even afford to make.
Pink as a symbol for breast cancer awareness.	ergo, its just a pr stunt common to today where people think change and effort is equaled to wearing a color sometimes.	i think is it working.
Fundamental rights in American government.	these were the first fundamental rights we declared for ourselves as americans and i believe these rights are one of the building blocks of american government today.	how do you define life ? is something alive when it cannot eat, cannot survive, and literally has no brain with which to think ? if you want to consider unthinking clumps of cells to be alive, then you must also oppose the removal of tumors.
Degradation of language skills.	anymore, you do not have to even spell words right.	it is an abolishment to the art that we call language.
The Flaws of Political Parties and Voting.	additionally, i often see that we are left with the choice of  dumb vs dumber  in elections.	if we judged politicians on how good they are at legislating we would get legislators.
Capital punishment and morality.	murder and inequality are naturally occurring phenomenons.	how does it prove morality does not exist ? some people argue that just because it is natural does not mean it is moral and justifiable.
The use of spanking as a punishment for children.	spanking is the universal  ultimate punishment  for a child.	if you spank a baby for picking up something dangerous off of the floor, then the baby may associate picking things up with punishment.
Society's stance on punishment for criminals.	the most we can do is agree as a society that we do not want certain kinds of people in our society.	but prison ? you do not agree with us about what is wrong, we will trap you in the middle of our society and punish you for as long as we feel fit even if you do not want to be part of our society.
Sliced vs Whole Sandwiches	a sliced sandwich is always superior to one that has not been sliced.	some sandwiches have a lot of stuffing and so smaller size bread would make it disproportionately taller than wider at the base and so risk tipping over and falling apart.
Criticism of Desktop Design.	as far as i can see, the desktop is a hodgepodge of bad ideas all rolled together.	how is that helpful or productive if it is not linked to action ? one thing i recommend in this situation is that you sit down with a pen and paper and mock up your ideal ui and how it would work.
Resource availability and limitations.	so even if the human population keeps increasing, we may never run out of resources, even if we stay confined to earth.	humans by nature are curious and want to explore.
Concentration of toxins.	once dissipated, the concentration of toxins is negligible.	i do not want to breathe your toxins, and i decide at what concentration i say it is fine for me.
The role of luck in competitive gaming.	there is always going to be the possibility of an otherwise champion player making a stupid, fatal fuckup, or a glitch in the game causing an otherwise unwarranted victory.	how can you claim that player x is better than player y when an invincibility star happened to spawn next to him at a critical moment in the match ? if you make a fuckup then you are nothing but shit.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	remember, back in the day there was not a method to the madness, if you made a title that was not console exclusive, it was not about matching the parameters, that was too complex an idea at the time.
Regulations for bicyclists on public roads.	aside from the traffic issue, if i want to drive my car on public roads, i must have be tested, licensed, and have an insured and inspected vehicle in order to do so.	a cyclist who takes his or her bicycle on the street knowing that there is an issue such as a broken spoke is taking that risk upon themselves.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	we see this in stuff like transformers, he man, skylanders, ect.
Consumerism and Global Economic Perspectives.	buying the same kind of wallet again and again only implies insanity and not greed.	you are looking at this from a very first world, static, developed economy point of view.
Longevity and happiness in relationships.	there is no way a relationship between two people can last and the people in that relationship actually remain happy and content with the relationship and each other.	why do you believe this ? why not separate when you feel liek you are no longer enriching each other is lives ? the people i am with are really special to me.
Debate on the Fat Acceptance Movement.	for example, the fat acceptance movement makes obese people think there is nothing wrong with their bodies and ignore the health risks of being obese.	fat acceptance or nerd acceptance is not about saying that it is healthy to be overweight or fine to be antisocial, it is about accepting people who are and not shaming them for it.
Complexity of the American Legal System	i am not a fan of extreme simplification, but i think the american legal system has gotten out of hand in complexity.	no vehicles are allowed in the park.
Depression as a Motivator	all you are doing is numbing the pain of the real world.	in this context they are complacency pills.
Nintendo's identity as a company.	the third party support for nintendo is shit.	nintendo is not vying for third party competition.
Education system and government's intentions.	the school system needs a lot of revision if people really want the most educated people.	i would argue that the government  does not  want the most educated people.
Blackface and Offense in Modern Times	being offended by someone who had painted is face black is dumb as the original issues with are not relevant nowadays.	why are they painting their faces black ? if it has nothing to do with mocking blackpeople, then it is not  blackface ; it is just facepaint.
Pride and its relation to actions and humanity.	being proud should only come with an action, not with something you are born with.	that is pretty limiting, and it removes a lot of the social glue that holds society together.
Possessiveness in relationships.	anyways, last year i met what seemed like the perfect girl.	you are colossal fuckup was in trying to put a label on her,  party rat   nice girls  what in the fuck is that ? once you start putting people in boxes you are setting yourself up for failure and disappointment.
Existential crisis and beliefs about afterlife.	i genuinely wish i had never been born.	what you experience after death will be no different whether you are depressed and mope around, or whether you grab life by its horns and make every second count.
Comparison between laptop and tablet.	using a laptop is just a less ergonomic experience.	now, there are some tablet apps for x, but x programs are usually expected to be run using a keyboard plus mouse and are not really designed for touch screens.
Batman's branding and theme.	branding; that is why all of batman is gadgets are so heavily bat themed, and in the earlier versions of batman even had a bat prefix.	that is not a brand; that is a theme.
Choosing to Keep or Change Last Name After Marriage	keeping my last name, to me, would indicate an innate selfishness and denotes a bit of uncertainty as to my intention to remain with my partner for life, which is what marriage is about.	if you decided you loved your husband so much, that you changed your own name to prove it, that would be considered really obsessive, would not it ? so no, it is not inherently selfish.
Job market and wages in China.	the competition is extremely high for all kinds of jobs hence why salaries are pressed down, especially for entry level positions.	URL and in china, minimum wages are increasing URL both from the article URL   the fossil fuels can also be used for more generations without being depleted and give the people a higher living standard.
Speeding and Traffic Crashes.	if i were to drive at the speed limit, i would be a road hazard.	in , speeding was a contributing factor in  percent of all fatal crashes, and , lives were lost in speeding related crashes.
The importance of secrets and thoughts in people's lives.	i personally have sworn off secrets in my life, but i know many people do not want to.	people is thoughts are far more important than there actions.
Opinions on homosexuality.	homosexuality: a much less arguable point, i believe.	but your grouping it with these other things is.
Benefits of Yoga and Pilates for Physical Fitness.	but i have not seen a serious discussion about the benefits offered by yoga or pilates to enhance the hard work that has already been done.	there is literally something by /u/phrakture one of the first mods of /r/fitness in the faq called  starting stretching.
Utilitarianism and Animal Suffering.	all mammals can feel pain, and coming from a utilitarian viewpoint, any suffering is bad if the pros do not outweigh the cons.	also, what about people who hunt predators ? in that case they are killing the equivalent of an animal serial killer, and preventing many other animals from being killed by that predator.
Batman's Mass Assault on Bane and the Consequences	in dkr batman organizes a mass assault on bane, knowing the police are using guns, and bane is troops are using guns, which leads to a lot of deaths.	he said he was not killing him, he just was not saving him.
Limitations of labeling oneself as a "good person"	why not just call yourself a  good person ?	additionally, the adoption of a label like that does nothing to advance dialogue between camps.
Existential crisis and fear of death.	the joy i feel does not outweigh the anxiety i have towards death.	it is your perspective on the issue.
Overpopulation and Climate Change.	every new person contributes to anthropogenic climate change.	i think if you follow this logic you end up where killing people is a  greater good.
Debate on Monogamy vs. Open Relationships.	more over, the reasons for being monogamous are exclusively character flaws related to the items mentioned above, or outright ignorance about non monogamy, about stis, etc .	are you implying that the open relationship makes a person better ? or that only better people can make an open relationship work ? the problem with this theory is that you are assuming most people would benefit from open relationships.
Identity theft and credit card security.	identity theft would be less of a problem if the process of creating new credit card accounts was more secure.	i would venture to say that originally, yes, the ssn is not sensitive.
